advokaat	sugar
advokaat	vanilla sugar
advokaat	milk
advokaat	egg yolks
advokaat	95% grain alcohol
african-stew	very large onion
african-stew	Swiss chard
african-stew	garbanzo beans
african-stew	raisins
african-stew	uncooked rice
african-stew	fresh tomatoes
african-stew	garlic
african-stew	yams
african-stew	salt and pepper
african-stew	tabasco sauce
altar-bread	lukewarm water
altar-bread	honey
altar-bread	olive oil
altar-bread	salt
altar-bread	active dry yeast
altar-bread	whole wheat flour
ambrosia	heavy cream
ambrosia	bananas
ambrosia	broken meringue
apple-bake	green apples
apple-bake	stick cinnamon
apple-bake	allspice berries
apple-bake	grated nutmeg
apple-bake	brown sugar
apple-bake	butter
apple-bake	juice of 1/2 medium lemon
apple-bake	golden raisins
apple-bake	dried pitted prunes
apple-bake	chopped walnuts
apple-bread	butter
apple-bread	sugar
apple-bread	eggs
apple-bread	all-purpose flour
apple-bread	baking powder
apple-bread	salt
apple-bread	ground cinnamon
apple-bread	ground nutmeg
apple-bread	applesauce
apple-bread	dark molasses
apple-bread	raisins
apple-bread	chopped nuts
apple-crisp	apple slices
apple-crisp	sugar
apple-crisp	flour
apple-crisp	baking powder
apple-crisp	salt
apple-crisp	egg
apple-crisp	solid shortening
apple-crisp	cinnamon
apple-pie-1	tart apples
apple-pie-1	butter
apple-pie-1	sugar
apple-pie-1	nutmeg
apple-pie-1	cinnamon
apple-pie-1	brown sugar
apple-pie-1	all-purpose flour
apple-pie-1	butter
apple-pie-1	chopped nuts
apple-pie-1	pie crust
apple-pie-2	tart apples
apple-pie-2	sugar
apple-pie-2	flour
apple-pie-2	sour cream
apple-pie-2	eggs
apple-pie-2	vanilla
apple-pie-2	deep-dish pastry shells
apple-pie-2	sugar
apple-pie-2	flour
apple-pie-2	cinnamon
apple-pie-2	butter
apple-squares	unbleached white flour
apple-squares	brown sugar
apple-squares	butter or margarine
apple-squares	chopped nuts
apple-squares	cinnamon
apple-squares	soda
apple-squares	salt
apple-squares	sour cream or yogurt
apple-squares	vanilla
apple-squares	egg
apple-squares	apples
applesauce-sld	cinnamon imperials
applesauce-sld	water
applesauce-sld	lemon jello mix
applesauce-sld	applesauce
applesauce-sld	ice cubes
armenian-rice	butter
armenian-rice	uncooked rice
armenian-rice	small egg noodles
armenian-rice	chicken stock
armenian-rice	basil
artichoke-cass	marinated artichoke hearts
artichoke-cass	cooked spinach
artichoke-cass	cream cheese
artichoke-cass	butter
artichoke-cass	grated parmesan cheese
asparag-soup-1	butter
asparag-soup-1	onion
asparag-soup-1	fresh asparagus
asparag-soup-1	flour
asparag-soup-1	boiling water
asparag-soup-1	salt
asparag-soup-1	rich chicken broth
asparag-soup-1	egg yolks
asparag-soup-1	milk
autumn-hens	Cornish game hens
autumn-hens	large garlic cloves
autumn-hens	dried oregano
autumn-hens	salt
autumn-hens	pepper
autumn-hens	red wine vinegar
autumn-hens	olive oil
autumn-hens	pitted prunes
autumn-hens	dried apricots
autumn-hens	pitted green olives
autumn-hens	capers
autumn-hens	bay leaves
autumn-hens	brown sugar
autumn-hens	dry white wine
autumn-hens	Italian parsley
avgolemono	chicken broth
avgolemono	white rice
avgolemono	eggs
avgolemono	lemon
avgolemono	salt
avgolemono-2	cooked white rice
avgolemono-2	chicken broth
avgolemono-2	lemon
avgolemono-2	large eggs
baklava	strudel dough
baklava	unsalted butter
baklava	walnut meat
baklava	sugar
baklava	vanilla
baklava	sugar
baklava	water
baklava	lemon juice
banana-bread	very ripe bananas
banana-bread	sugar
banana-bread	shortening (butter)
banana-bread	eggs
banana-bread	yoghurt or sour cream
banana-bread	flour
banana-bread	baking soda
banana-bread	chopped walnuts
banana-bread	rum, vanilla, or amaretto
banana-cake	graham cracker crumbs
banana-cake	margarine
banana-cake	all-purpose flour
banana-cake	sugar
banana-cake	soft margarine
banana-cake	egg
banana-cake	vanilla
banana-cake	Oreo cookies
banana-cake	melted margarine
banana-cake	margarine
banana-cake	powdered sugar
banana-cake	eggs
banana-cake	bananas
banana-cake	chunk pineapple
banana-cake	whole strawberries
banana-cake	whipping cream
banana-cake	chopped nuts
barmi-goreng	boemboe nasi goreng
barmi-goreng	sambal oedang kering
barmi-goreng	ketjap benteng manis
barmi-goreng	sambal oelek, 
barmi-goreng	peeled tomatoes
barmi-goreng	Chinese noodles
barmi-goreng	mince beef
barmi-goreng	middle bacon
barmi-goreng	tomato paste
barmi-goreng	medium onion
basmati-rice-1	Basmati rice
basmati-rice-1	small onion
basmati-rice-1	medium carrots
basmati-rice-1	bay leaf
basmati-rice-1	cinnamon stick
basmati-rice-1	cloves
basmati-rice-1	black peppercorns
basmati-rice-1	cumin seeds
basmati-rice-1	light vegetable oil
basmati-rice-1	butter
basmati-rice-1	kosher salt
bean-cass-1	canned red beans
bean-cass-1	canned lima beans
bean-cass-1	canned garbanzo beans
bean-cass-1	ground beef
bean-cass-1	large onion
bean-cass-1	garlic clove
bean-cass-1	brown sugar
bean-cass-1	prepared mustard
bean-cass-1	ketchup
bean-cass-1	cumin powder
bean-cass-1	red wine
bean-cass-1	salt and pepper
beef-stock	soup bones
beef-stock	carrots
beef-stock	celery
beef-stock	yellow onions
beef-stock	water
beer-chs-soup	diced onions
beer-chs-soup	diced celery
beer-chs-soup	diced carrots
beer-chs-soup	diced mushrooms
beer-chs-soup	butter
beer-chs-soup	flour
beer-chs-soup	dry mustard
beer-chs-soup	chicken or vegetable stock
beer-chs-soup	broccoli
beer-chs-soup	beer
beer-chs-soup	cheddar cheese, grated
beer-chs-soup	grated parmesan cheese
beer-chs-soup	salt
beer-chs-soup	pepper
beet-mustard	beets
beet-mustard	unsalted butter
beet-mustard	shallots
beet-mustard	flour
beet-mustard	chicken stock
beet-mustard	Dijon mustard
beet-mustard	cream
beet-mustard	parsley
beet-mustard	salt and pepper
berlinerkranz	butter or margarine, softened
berlinerkranz	solid shortening
berlinerkranz	sugar
berlinerkranz	grated orange peel
berlinerkranz	eggs
berlinerkranz	all-purpose flour
berlinerkranz	red cinnamon candies
berlinerkranz	green food coloring
berry-cobbler	sugar
berry-cobbler	berries
berry-cobbler	sugar
berry-cobbler	all-purpose flour
berry-cobbler	baking powder
berry-cobbler	salt
berry-cobbler	milk
berry-cobbler	butter
berry-cobbler	nutmeg
biscuits-1	flour
biscuits-1	baking powder
biscuits-1	sugar
biscuits-1	cream of tartar
biscuits-1	salt
biscuits-1	shortening
biscuits-1	milk
black-eye-rice	salt pork
black-eye-rice	red bell peppers
black-eye-rice	ripe plum tomatoes
black-eye-rice	medium yellow onion
black-eye-rice	garlic cloves
black-eye-rice	uncooked white rice
black-eye-rice	chicken broth
black-eye-rice	cooked black-eyed peas
black-eye-rice	pitted green olives
black-eye-rice	capers
black-eye-rice	anchovy fillets
black-eye-rice	dried oregano
black-eye-rice	ground allspice
black-eye-rice	coarse-ground black pepper
black-eye-rice	cayenne pepper
black-eye-rice	salt
black-eye-rice	scallions
black-eye-rice	parsley
blackbean-soup	black beans
blackbean-soup	smoked boneless ham hocks
blackbean-soup	water
blackbean-soup	salt
blackbean-soup	beef or chicken broth
blackbean-soup	olive oil
blackbean-soup	green bell peppers
blackbean-soup	onions
blackbean-soup	garlic
blackbean-soup	ground cumin
blackbean-soup	tomatoes
blackbean-soup	red wine vinegar
blackbean-soup	coriander
blackbean-soup	dry sherry wine
blackbottom	cream cheese
blackbottom	eggs
blackbottom	sugar
blackbottom	salt
blackbottom	semisweet chocolate chips
blackbottom	all-purpose flour
blackbottom	granulated sugar
blackbottom	dark brown sugar
blackbottom	cocoa
blackbottom	baking soda
blackbottom	salt
blackbottom	water
blackbottom	vegetable oil
blackbottom	white vinegar
blackbottom	vanilla
blackbottom	dark rum
blackbottom	sour cream
blkforest-pie	pie crust
blkforest-pie	sugar
blkforest-pie	unsweetened cocoa
blkforest-pie	flour
blkforest-pie	butter
blkforest-pie	milk
blkforest-pie	eggs
blkforest-pie	cherry pie filling
blkforest-pie	whipped cream
blkforest-pie	unsweetened chocolate
bon-bons	powdered sugar
bon-bons	butter
bon-bons	crunchy peanut butter
bon-bons	chocolate chips
bon-bons	block paraffin
bouillabaisse	cloves garlic
bouillabaisse	salt
bouillabaisse	large basil leaves
bouillabaisse	chopped pimiento
bouillabaisse	bread crumbs
bouillabaisse	egg yolk
bouillabaisse	olive oil
bouillabaisse	hot pepper sauce
bouillabaisse	water
bouillabaisse	dry white wine
bouillabaisse	onion
bouillabaisse	large carrot
bouillabaisse	leek 
bouillabaisse	stalk
bouillabaisse	fish trimmings
bouillabaisse	small live lobsters
bouillabaisse	mussels
bouillabaisse	small hard-shelled clams
bouillabaisse	medium shrimp
bouillabaisse	firm-fleshed fish
bouillabaisse	olive oil
bouillabaisse	cloves garlic
bouillabaisse	leek 
bouillabaisse	grated carrot
bouillabaisse	onion finely chopped
bouillabaisse	fennel
bouillabaisse	sage
bouillabaisse	strip orange peel 
bouillabaisse	saffron
bouillabaisse	bay leaf
bouillabaisse	parsley
bouillabaisse	dry white wine
bouillabaisse	onion
bran-muffins	Raisin Bran
bran-muffins	flour
bran-muffins	sugar
bran-muffins	salt
bran-muffins	baking soda
bran-muffins	oil
bran-muffins	buttermilk
bran-muffins	eggs 
bran-muffins-2	flour
bran-muffins-2	salt
bran-muffins-2	baking powder
bran-muffins-2	unprocessed bran
bran-muffins-2	baking soda
bran-muffins-2	egg
bran-muffins-2	golden syrup
bran-muffins-2	butter
bran-muffins-2	sugar
bran-muffins-2	milk
bran-muffins-2	sultanas
bread	water
bread	turbinado sugar
bread	active dry yeast
bread	butter
bread	shortening
bread	water
bread	milk
bread	large egg
bread	non-fat dry milk
bread	salt
bread	honey
bread	ground cinnamon
bread	rolled oats
bread	corn meal
bread	bran
bread	cracked wheat
bread	buckwheat
bread	soy flour
bread	rye flour
bread	whole wheat flour
bread	white flour
bread	butter
bread-rye	milk
bread-rye	water
bread-rye	brown sugar
bread-rye	dry yeast
bread-rye	rye flour
bread-rye	white flour
bread-rye	granulated sugar
bread-rye	vegetable oil
bread-rye	dark molasses
bread-rye	anise seeds
bread-rye	salt
bread-stuff-1	bread
bread-stuff-1	white onion
bread-stuff-1	salt
bread-stuff-1	fresh-ground pepper
bread-stuff-1	sage
bread-stuff-1	thyme
bread-stuff-1	butter
bread-white-1	quick rising dry yeast
bread-white-1	lukewarm water
bread-white-1	dry milk
bread-white-1	sugar
bread-white-1	salt
bread-white-1	water
bread-white-1	vegetable oil
bread-white-1	all-purpose flour
breakfast-cas	large eggs
breakfast-cas	milk
breakfast-cas	bread cubes
breakfast-cas	dry mustard
breakfast-cas	bulk sausage
breakfast-cas	grated cheddar
breakfast-cas	fresh mushrooms
briami	eggplant
briami	zucchini
briami	medium potatoes 
briami	green peppers
briami	red pepper
briami	medium onions
briami	olive oil
briami	medium tomatoes
briami	cloves garlic
briami	sugar
briami	salt and pepper
broc-bisque	fresh broccoli
broc-bisque	chicken broth
broc-bisque	medium onion
broc-bisque	butter
broc-bisque	salt
broc-bisque	curry powder
broc-bisque	pepper
broc-bisque	lime juice
broc-bisque	lemon slices
broc-bisque	sour cream
broc-bisque	snipped chives
broccoli-soup	bunches, fresh broccoli
broccoli-soup	butter
broccoli-soup	cloves of fresh garlic
broccoli-soup	chervil
broccoli-soup	salt
broccoli-soup	white pepper
broccoli-soup	milk
broccoli-soup	medium egg yolk
broccoli-soup	flour
broccoli-soup	cardamom
broccoli-soup	mace
broccoli-soup	heavy cream
broccoli-soup	Gruyere cheese
broccoli-soup	parmesan cheese
brownies-1	unsweetened chocolate
brownies-1	butter
brownies-1	eggs
brownies-1	sugar
brownies-1	vanilla extract
brownies-1	flour
brownies-1	salt
brownies-1	chopped nuts
brownies-1	sugar
brownies-1	butter
brownies-1	half-and-half
brownies-1	vanilla extract
brownies-1	unsweetened chocolate
brownies-2	unsweetened chocolate
brownies-2	butter
brownies-2	eggs
brownies-2	sugar
brownies-2	vanilla extract
brownies-2	flour
brownies-2	coarsely chopped walnuts
buffet-biscuit	biscuit mix
buffet-biscuit	parmesan cheese
buffet-biscuit	green onions
buffet-biscuit	eggs
buffet-biscuit	milk
butter-cookies	unsalted butter
butter-cookies	granulated sugar
butter-cookies	white flour
butter-cookies	large egg
butter-cookies	vanilla extract
butter-cookies	baking powder
butternut-sqsh	butternut squash
butternut-sqsh	carrots
butternut-sqsh	rolled oats
butternut-sqsh	green peas
butternut-sqsh	butter
butternut-sqsh	eggs
butternut-sqsh	salt
butternut-sqsh	cinnamon sugar
butternut-sqsh	vanilla
butternuts	butter
butternuts	sugar
butternuts	egg
butternuts	cream of tartar
butternuts	baking soda
butternuts	salt
butternuts	plain white flour
butternuts	vanilla essence
butternuts	dessicated coconut
butternuts	golden syrup
butternuts	milk
butterscotch	brown sugar
butterscotch	eggs
butterscotch	milk
butterscotch	plain flour
butterscotch	butter
butterscotch	white sugar
cabbage+apples	red cabbage
cabbage+apples	bacon fat or butter
cabbage+apples	onion
cabbage+apples	dry red wine
cabbage+apples	tart apples
cabbage+apples	brown sugar
cabbage+apples	wine vinegar
cabbage+apples	caraway seeds
cabbage-cass	ground beef
cabbage-cass	medium onion
cabbage-cass	clove garlic
cabbage-cass	salt
cabbage-cass	tomato sauce
cabbage-cass	cinnamon
cabbage-cass	ground cloves
cabbage-cass	thyme
cabbage-cass	basil
cabbage-cass	cabbage
cabbage-salad	cabbage
cabbage-salad	bacon
cabbage-salad	onion
cabbage-salad	garlic
cabbage-salad	white-wine tarragon vinegar
cabbage-spuds	cabbage
cabbage-spuds	bacon fat or butter
cabbage-spuds	onions
cabbage-spuds	water or beer
cabbage-spuds	wine vinegar
cabbage-spuds	white potatoes
cajun-lamb	boneless lamb sirloin roast
cajun-lamb	cooking oil
cajun-lamb	small onion
cajun-lamb	red bell pepper
cajun-lamb	green bell pepper
cajun-lamb	sliced tomatoes in puree
cajun-lamb	chicken stock
cajun-lamb	basil
cajun-lamb	grated lemon peel
cajun-lamb	chili powder
cajun-lamb	rice
cajun-lamb	salt
cajun-lamb	cayenne pepper
cajun-lamb	black pepper
cajun-lamb	paprika
cajun-lamb	garlic powder
carbonara	thin spaghetti, rotini or equivalent pasta
carbonara	olive oil
carbonara	pancetta or bacon
carbonara	medium yellow onion
carbonara	cold water
carbonara	dry Italian white wine
carbonara	eggs
carbonara	heavy cream
carbonara	parmesan cheese
carbonara-2	pancetta or bacon
carbonara-2	olive oil
carbonara-2	butter
carbonara-2	garlic cloves
carbonara-2	dry white wine
carbonara-2	salt
carbonara-2	package thin spaghetti
carbonara-2	eggs
carbonara-2	freshly grated Peccorino romano cheese
carbonara-2	freshly grated Parmesan cheese
carbonara-2	freshly ground black pepper
carbonara-2	parsley
carrot-bars	butter
carrot-bars	sugar
carrot-bars	flour
carrot-bars	eggs
carrot-bars	grated carrots
carrot-bars	brown sugar
carrot-bars	raisins
carrot-bars	chopped nuts
carrot-bars	lemon juice
carrot-bars	flour
carrot-bars	baking powder
carrot-bars	salt
carrot-pudding	all-purpose flour
carrot-pudding	cinnamon
carrot-pudding	cloves
carrot-pudding	salt
carrot-pudding	double-acting baking powder
carrot-pudding	raw, grated, or ground potatoes
carrot-pudding	baking soda
carrot-pudding	raw, ground carrots
carrot-pudding	bread crumbs
carrot-pudding	crisco shortening
carrot-pudding	brown sugar
carrot-pudding	jumbo egg
carrot-pudding	lemon extract
carrot-pudding	vanilla
carrot-pudding	finely chopped walnuts
carrot-pudding	raisins
carrot-pudding	water
carrot-pudding	brown sugar
carrot-pudding	vanilla
carrot-pudding	lemon extract
carrot-pudding	cornstarch
carrot-pudding	butter
carrotcake-1	eggs
carrotcake-1	sugar
carrotcake-1	carrots
carrotcake-1	walnuts
carrotcake-1	flour
carrotcake-1	baking powder
carrotcake-1	nutmeg
carrotcake-1	cinnamon
carrotcake-1	vanilla
carrotcake-1	salt
carrotcake-1	oil
carrotcake-1	hot water
carrotcake-1	baking soda
carrotcake-1	cream cheese
carrotcake-1	sugar
carrotcake-1	strawberry, apricot or raspberry jam
carrotcake-1	whipping cream
carrotcake-1	sugar
carrotcake-2	butter
carrotcake-2	sugar
carrotcake-2	eggs
carrotcake-2	vanilla
carrotcake-2	flour
carrotcake-2	salt
carrotcake-2	cinnamon
carrotcake-2	soda
carrotcake-2	nutmeg
carrotcake-2	cardamom
carrotcake-2	walnuts
carrotcake-2	raisins
carrotcake-2	crushed pineapple
carrotcake-2	carrots
carrotcake-2	cream cheese
carrotcake-2	butter
carrotcake-2	powdered sugar
carrotcake-2	pineapple
carrotcake-2	walnuts
carrotcake-2	cardamom
carrots-gratin	butter
carrots-gratin	carrots
carrots-gratin	butter
carrots-gratin	flour
carrots-gratin	milk
carrots-gratin	process cheese
catfish-boil	catfish fillets
catfish-boil	onions
catfish-boil	celery
catfish-boil	garlic cloves
catfish-boil	butter
catfish-boil	flour
catfish-boil	salt
catfish-boil	black pepper
catfish-boil	cayenne pepper
catfish-boil	large tomatoes 
catfish-boil	water
catfish-boil	hot cooked rice
cauliflower-1	cauliflower
cauliflower-1	medium onions
cauliflower-1	fresh mushrooms
cauliflower-1	butter
cauliflower-1	bread crumbs
cauliflower-1	parmesan cheese
cauliflower-2	cauliflower
cauliflower-2	onions
cauliflower-2	oil
cauliflower-2	mustard seeds
cauliflower-2	ground ginger
cauliflower-2	salt
cauliflower-2	tumeric
cauliflower-2	cumin
cauliflower-2	chopped parsley
cauliflower-2	large tomatoes
cauliflower-2	sugar
cbuttr-cookies	butter
cbuttr-cookies	sugar
cbuttr-cookies	all-purpose flour
cbuttr-cookies	egg yolk
cbuttr-cookies	cream cheese
cbuttr-cookies	raspberry jam
celery-salad	celery root
celery-salad	boiling salted water
celery-salad	olive oil
celery-salad	white wine vinegar
celery-salad	salt
celery-salad	sugar
celery-salad	dry mustard
celery-salad	black pepper
celery-salad	garlic clove
celery-salad	dill weed
celery-salad	scallions
celery-salad	parsley
chaff	medium cooking apples
chaff	orange
chaff	margarine or butter
chaff	sugar
chaff	oats
challah-1	water
challah-1	active dry yeast
challah-1	sugar
challah-1	salt
challah-1	oil
challah-1	eggs
challah-1	flour
challah-1	egg yolk
challah-1	water
challah-2	active dry yeast
challah-2	warm water
challah-2	salt
challah-2	granulated sugar
challah-2	vegetable oil
challah-2	large eggs
challah-2	all-purpose flour
challah-2	large egg
challah-2	sesame or poppy seeds
challah-3	yeast
challah-3	warm water
challah-3	sugar
challah-3	sugar
challah-3	butter
challah-3	salt
challah-3	honey
challah-3	raisins
challah-3	eggs
challah-3	flour
challah-3	egg yolks
challah-3	water
chalupa-1	pinto beans
chalupa-1	pork roast
chalupa-1	water
chalupa-1	onion
chalupa-1	garlic
chalupa-1	salt
chalupa-1	chili powder
chalupa-1	cumin
chalupa-1	oregano
chalupa-1	chopped green chili peppers
charoset	finely chopped nuts
charoset	sugar or honey
charoset	chopped or grated apples
charoset	cinnamon
charoset	sweet wine
cheese-grits	grits
cheese-grits	butter
cheese-grits	process garlic cheese
cheese-grits	milk
cheese-grits	eggs 
cheese-soup1	pumpkin
cheese-soup1	butter
cheese-soup1	butter
cheese-soup1	large onion
cheese-soup1	large carrots
cheese-soup1	celery sticks
cheese-soup1	vegetable broth
cheese-soup1	garlic clove
cheese-soup1	salt
cheese-soup1	pepper
cheese-soup1	nutmeg
cheese-soup1	light cream
cheese-soup1	cheddar or gruyere cheese
cheese-soup1	dry white wine
cheese-soup1	parsley
cheesecake-1	graham cracker crumbs
cheesecake-1	melted butter
cheesecake-1	white sugar
cheesecake-1	ground cinnamon
cheesecake-1	cream cheese
cheesecake-1	sugar
cheesecake-1	eggs
cheesecake-1	lemon juice
cheesecake-1	grated lemon rind
cheesecake-1	vanilla
cheesecake-1	sour cream
cheesecake-1	sugar
cheesecake-1	vanilla
cheesecake-1	sugar
cheesecake-1	cornstarch
cheesecake-1	salt
cheesecake-1	water
cheesecake-1	lemon juice
cheesecake-1	egg yolk
cheesecake-1	butter
cheesecake-2	chocolate wafers
cheesecake-2	butter
cheesecake-2	cream cheese
cheesecake-2	granulated sugar
cheesecake-2	semisweet chocolate
cheesecake-2	white flour
cheesecake-2	large eggs
cheesecake-2	heavy cream
cheesecake-2	vanilla
cheesecake-2	sour cream
cheesecake-2	vanilla
cheesecake-2	granulated sugar
cheesecake-3	flour
cheesecake-3	sugar
cheesecake-3	lemon rind
cheesecake-3	vanilla
cheesecake-3	egg yolk
cheesecake-3	softened butter
cheesecake-3	cream cheese
cheesecake-3	sugar
cheesecake-3	flour
cheesecake-3	orange rind
cheesecake-3	lemon rind
cheesecake-3	vanilla
cheesecake-3	eggs
cheesecake-3	egg yolks
cheesecake-3	cream
cheesecake-4	butter
cheesecake-4	cinnamon
cheesecake-4	sugar
cheesecake-4	graham cracker crumbs
cheesecake-4	cream cheese
cheesecake-4	large eggs
cheesecake-4	sugar
cheesecake-4	vanilla extract
cheesecake-4	sour cream
cheesecake-4	vanilla
cheesecake-4	sugar
cheesecake-5	rolled oats
cheesecake-5	brown sugar
cheesecake-5	unsalted butter
cheesecake-5	cream cheese
cheesecake-5	small-curd cottage cheese
cheesecake-5	eggs
cheesecake-5	vanilla extract
cheesecake-6	cream cheese
cheesecake-6	eggs
cheesecake-6	vanilla extract
cheesecake-6	sour cream
cheesecake-6	brown sugar
cheesecake-6	chocolate chips
cheesecake-6	graham cracker crumbs
cheesecake-6	butter
cheesecake-7	Amaretti
cheesecake-7	granulated sugar
cheesecake-7	unsweetened chocolate
cheesecake-7	sweet butter
cheesecake-7	semisweet chocolate
cheesecake-7	Amaretti
cheesecake-7	almond paste
cheesecake-7	Amaretto liqueur
cheesecake-7	cream cheese
cheesecake-7	granulated sugar
cheesecake-7	eggs
cheesecake-7	heavy cream
cheesecake-8	Zwieback cookies
cheesecake-8	sugar
cheesecake-8	cinnamon
cheesecake-8	butter
cheesecake-8	cream cheese
cheesecake-8	sugar
cheesecake-8	egg whites
cheesecake-8	vanilla
cheesecake-8	sour cream
cheesecake-8	sugar
cheesecake-8	vanilla
cheesecake-8	slivered almonds
cheesecake-8	butter
cherry-hazlnut	plain flour
cherry-hazlnut	salt
cherry-hazlnut	ground roast hazelnuts
cherry-hazlnut	sugar
cherry-hazlnut	butter
cherry-hazlnut	egg yolk
cherry-hazlnut	water
cherry-hazlnut	egg yolks
cherry-hazlnut	sugar
cherry-hazlnut	vanilla extract
cherry-hazlnut	cream
cherry-hazlnut	gelatine
cherry-hazlnut	water
cherry-hazlnut	canned cherries
cherry-hazlnut	gelatine
cherry-hazlnut	rum
cherry-pilaf	Basmati rice
cherry-pilaf	peeled onions
cherry-pilaf	red lentils
cherry-pilaf	sour cherries
cherry-pilaf	chicken or meat broth
cherry-pilaf	unsalted butter
cherry-pilaf	turmeric
cherry-pilaf	cumin
cherry-pilaf	salt
cherrycheese-1	graham cracker pie shell
cherrycheese-1	cream cheese
cherrycheese-1	sour cream
cherrycheese-1	granulated sugar
cherrycheese-1	vanilla
cherrycheese-1	whipped cream
cherrycheese-1	cherry pie filling
chestnut-stuff	butter
chestnut-stuff	chopped onion
chestnut-stuff	celery
chestnut-stuff	chopped parsley
chestnut-stuff	dry white bread cubes
chestnut-stuff	chestnuts
chestnut-stuff	salt and pepper
chestnut-stuff	nutmeg
chestnut-stuff	light cream
chestnut-stuff	white wine
chick-kung-pao	chicken breast
chick-kung-pao	cornstarch
chick-kung-pao	egg white
chick-kung-pao	garlic clove
chick-kung-pao	piece ginger
chick-kung-pao	red pepper
chick-kung-pao	skinless peanuts
chick-kung-pao	bamboo shoots
chick-kung-pao	peapods
chick-kung-pao	straw mushrooms
chick-kung-pao	oil
chick-kung-pao	brown bean sauce
chick-kung-pao	hoisin sauce
chick-kung-pao	sugar
chick-kung-pao	rice cooking wine
chick-kung-pao	water
chick-milan	chicken
chick-milan	salt
chick-milan	unsalted butter
chick-milan	flour
chick-milan	egg yolks
chick-milan	lemon juice
chick-milan	white rice
chick-milan	salt and pepper
chicken-adobo	chicken pieces
chicken-adobo	head of garlic
chicken-adobo	soy sauce
chicken-adobo	ground black pepper
chicken-adobo	water
chicken-adobo	vinegar
chicken-adobo	bay leaves
chicken-adobo	cooking oil
chicken-aprict	chicken pieces
chicken-aprict	French onion soup mix
chicken-aprict	apricot nectar
chicken-aprict	canned apricot halves
chicken-aprict	plain flour
chicken-asian	frying chicken
chicken-asian	peanut oil
chicken-asian	garlic
chicken-asian	hot red peppers
chicken-asian	distilled white vinegar
chicken-asian	soy sauce
chicken-asian	honey
chicken-basil	chicken fillets
chicken-basil	fresh breadcrumbs
chicken-basil	grated parmesan
chicken-basil	chopped parsley
chicken-basil	bacon
chicken-basil	butter
chicken-basil	garlic cloves
chicken-basil	Worcestershire sauce
chicken-basil	dry mustard
chicken-basil	oil
chicken-basil	white vinegar
chicken-basil	garlic clove
chicken-basil	fresh basil leaves
chicken-basil	cream
chicken-basil	egg yolk
chicken-bourbn	whole chicken breasts
chicken-bourbn	butter
chicken-bourbn	salt
chicken-bourbn	pepper
chicken-bourbn	frozen orange-juice concentrate
chicken-bourbn	bourbon
chicken-bourbn	slivered almonds
chicken-bourbn	butter
chicken-bourbn	salt
chicken-bourbn	black pepper
chicken-broth	stewing chicken
chicken-broth	water
chicken-broth	large yellow onion
chicken-broth	bay leaf
chicken-broth	parsley
chicken-broth	fresh thyme
chicken-cacc-1	chicken
chicken-cacc-1	wine vinegar
chicken-cacc-1	olive oil
chicken-cacc-1	dry white wine
chicken-cacc-1	garlic cloves
chicken-cacc-1	rosemary
chicken-cacc-1	sugar
chicken-cacc-1	salt and pepper
chicken-cinn-1	chicken
chicken-cinn-1	onions,
chicken-cinn-1	garlic cloves 
chicken-cinn-1	butter
chicken-cinn-1	vermouth or sherry
chicken-cinn-1	brandy
chicken-cinn-1	cinnamon
chicken-cinn-1	cayenne pepper
chicken-cinn-1	tomato paste
chicken-cinn-1	ripe tomatoes
chicken-curry	chicken
chicken-curry	fresh ginger
chicken-curry	garlic cloves
chicken-curry	large onion
chicken-curry	cinnamon stick
chicken-curry	whole brown cardamom pods
chicken-curry	whole green cardamom pods
chicken-curry	whole star anise
chicken-curry	black peppercorns
chicken-curry	cloves
chicken-curry	turmeric
chicken-curry	red chili powder
chicken-curry	green chilies
chicken-curry	yogurt
chicken-curry	oil
chicken-curry	to taste
chicken-curry	fresh coriander leaves
chicken-curry2	cooked chicken
chicken-curry2	small onion
chicken-curry2	cauliflower
chicken-curry2	mushrooms
chicken-curry2	soya sauce
chicken-curry2	cooking oil
chicken-curry2	chicken stock
chicken-curry2	curry powder
chicken-curry3	boneless chicken breast pieces
chicken-curry3	seedless grapes
chicken-curry3	sea shell pasta
chicken-curry3	mayonaise
chicken-curry3	curry powder
chicken-curry3	olive oil
chicken-curry3	cayenne pepper
chicken-curry3	ground black pepper
chicken-curry3	fruit vinegar
chicken-curry4	green cardamon pods
chicken-curry4	chicken meat
chicken-curry4	plain yogurt
chicken-curry4	whole cloves
chicken-curry4	salt
chicken-curry4	cinnamon
chicken-curry4	turmeric
chicken-curry4	medium onion
chicken-curry4	Szechuan peppercorns
chicken-curry4	vegetable oil
chicken-curry4	bay leaves
chicken-curry4	garlic cloves
chicken-curry4	ginger root
chicken-curry4	black pepper
chicken-curry4	tomato puree
chicken-curry4	water
chicken-grape	chicken breasts
chicken-grape	butter
chicken-grape	orange marmalade
chicken-grape	tarragon
chicken-grape	green onion
chicken-grape	dry white wine
chicken-grape	seedless grapes
chicken-grape	whipping cream
chicken-grape	salt
chicken-grape	nutmeg
chicken-gumbo	chicken
chicken-gumbo	salt
chicken-gumbo	garlic powder
chicken-gumbo	cayenne pepper
chicken-gumbo	onions
chicken-gumbo	green bell pepper
chicken-gumbo	celery
chicken-gumbo	flour
chicken-gumbo	salt
chicken-gumbo	garlic powder
chicken-gumbo	cayenne pepper
chicken-gumbo	vegetable oil
chicken-gumbo	chicken stock
chicken-gumbo	Andouille smoked sausage
chicken-gumbo	garlic
chicken-korma	chicken breast pieces
chicken-korma	safflower oil
chicken-korma	clarified butter
chicken-korma	medium yellow onions
chicken-korma	garlic cloves
chicken-korma	ginger
chicken-korma	whole green cardamom seeds
chicken-korma	whole cloves
chicken-korma	bay leaves
chicken-korma	salt
chicken-korma	coriander
chicken-korma	cayenne pepper
chicken-korma	plain yogurt
chicken-korma	water
chicken-korma	milk
chicken-lemon	bell peppers
chicken-lemon	boneless chicken breast
chicken-lemon	flour
chicken-lemon	cornstarch
chicken-lemon	double-acting baking powder
chicken-lemon	salt
chicken-lemon	vegetable oil
chicken-lemon	lemon
chicken-lemon	sugar
chicken-lemon	water
chicken-lemon	cornstarch
chicken-lemon	water
chicken-lemon	sprigs of parsley
chicken-lime	whole chicken breast
chicken-lime	juice of 1 lime
chicken-lime	white wine
chicken-lime	garlic clove
chicken-lime	ginger
chicken-lime	tarragon
chicken-lime	juice of 1 lime
chicken-lime	white wine
chicken-lime	salted butter
chicken-lime	tomato paste
chicken-macad	garlic clove
chicken-macad	chicken breasts
chicken-macad	dill
chicken-macad	sweet red pepper
chicken-macad	green beans
chicken-macad	large tomato
chicken-macad	macademia nuts
chicken-macad	honey
chicken-macad	sesame seeds
chicken-macad	sesame oil
chicken-marnar	chicken breasts
chicken-marnar	marinara sauce
chicken-marnar	mozzarella cheese
chicken-micrn	chicken breasts
chicken-micrn	lemons
chicken-micrn	medium onion
chicken-micrn	beer
chicken-micrn	soy sauce
chicken-micrn	garlic clove
chicken-mole-1	medium onion
chicken-mole-1	butter
chicken-mole-1	bay leaf
chicken-mole-1	peppercorns
chicken-mole-1	whole cloves
chicken-mole-1	tomato sauce
chicken-mole-1	chicken broth
chicken-mole-1	bread
chicken-mole-1	crushed anise seeds
chicken-mole-1	cinnamon
chicken-mole-1	sugar
chicken-mole-1	ground chile
chicken-mole-1	sesame seeds
chicken-mole-1	slivered blanched almonds
chicken-mole-1	Mexican chocolate
chicken-mole-1	chicken
chicken-mole-2	onion
chicken-mole-2	clove garlic
chicken-mole-2	oil or butter
chicken-mole-2	tomato sauce
chicken-mole-2	raisins
chicken-mole-2	smooth peanut butter
chicken-mole-2	sugar
chicken-mole-2	chili powder
chicken-mole-2	cinnamon
chicken-mole-2	ground cloves
chicken-mole-2	unsweetened chocolate
chicken-mole-2	weak chicken broth
chicken-peanut	Small frying chickens
chicken-peanut	oil
chicken-peanut	salt
chicken-peanut	curry powder
chicken-peanut	large onion
chicken-peanut	large green pepper
chicken-peanut	tomato
chicken-peanut	crunchy peanut butter
chicken-peanut	water
chicken-pine1	cooked chicken
chicken-pine1	small onion
chicken-pine1	mushrooms
chicken-pine1	soya sauce
chicken-pine1	cooking oil
chicken-pine1	chicken soup
chicken-pine1	pineapple chunks
chicken-popsd	cooked chicken
chicken-popsd	sour cream
chicken-popsd	canned cream of chicken soup
chicken-popsd	Ritz cracker pieces
chicken-popsd	butter
chicken-popsd	poppy seeds
chicken-salad1	chicken parts
chicken-salad1	soy sauce
chicken-salad1	sherry
chicken-salad1	garlic powder
chicken-salad1	minced fresh ginger
chicken-salad1	bean thread
chicken-salad1	oil
chicken-salad1	green onions
chicken-salad1	iceberg lettuce
chicken-salad1	bunch coriander
chicken-salad1	dry mustard
chicken-salad1	oil
chicken-salad1	sesame oil
chicken-salad1	soy sauce
chicken-salad1	vinegar
chicken-salad1	toasted sesame seeds
chicken-shant	chicken breast 
chicken-shant	corn starch
chicken-shant	soy sauce
chicken-shant	sherry
chicken-shant	garlic clove 
chicken-shant	oil
chicken-shant	toasted sesame seeds
chicken-shant	bean sprouts
chicken-shant	bunch green onions
chicken-shant	slivered fresh ginger root
chicken-ssour1	boneless chicken breast
chicken-ssour1	chopped ginger
chicken-ssour1	egg white
chicken-ssour1	salt
chicken-ssour1	cornstarch
chicken-ssour1	vegetable oil
chicken-ssour1	green pepper
chicken-ssour1	carrots
chicken-ssour1	canned pineapple chunks
chicken-ssour1	sherry
chicken-ssour1	light soy sauce
chicken-ssour1	vinegar
chicken-ssour1	sugar
chicken-ssour1	cornstarch
chicken-ssour1	salt
chicken-stfry1	boneless chicken breast
chicken-stfry1	white mushrooms
chicken-stfry1	fresh broccoli
chicken-stfry1	chicken broth
chicken-stfry1	soy sauce
chicken-stfry1	sherry
chicken-stfry1	cornstarch
chicken-stfry1	egg white
chicken-stfry1	salt
chicken-stfry1	vegetable oil
chicken-stfry1	cornstarch
chicken-stfry1	canned bamboo shoots
chicken-stfry1	cashew nuts
chicken-stuff	whole chicken
chicken-stuff	uncooked white rice
chicken-stuff	saffron
chicken-stuff	celery stalks
chicken-stuff	medium-sized mushrooms
chicken-stuff	scallions
chicken-stuff	butter
chicken-stuff2	ground beef
chicken-stuff2	butter
chicken-stuff2	salt
chicken-stuff2	uncooked white rice
chicken-stuff2	poultry liver
chicken-stuff2	pine nuts
chicken-stuff2	whole blanched almonds
chicken-stuff2	pitted prunes
chicken-stuff2	raisins
chicken-stuff2	chestnuts
chicken-tarrag	chicken breasts      
chicken-tarrag	butter
chicken-tarrag	dry vermouth
chicken-tarrag	dijon mustard
chicken-tarrag	heavy cream
chicken-tarrag	tarragon
chicken-tarrag	salt and pepper
chicken-vindal	whole cumin seeds
chicken-vindal	black peppercorns
chicken-vindal	cardamom seeds
chicken-vindal	stick cinnamon
chicken-vindal	whole black mustard seeds
chicken-vindal	whole fenugreek seeds
chicken-vindal	white wine vinegar
chicken-vindal	salt
chicken-vindal	cayenne pepper
chicken-vindal	light brown sugar
chicken-vindal	vegetable oil
chicken-vindal	large yellow onions
chicken-vindal	water
chicken-vindal	cube of fresh ginger
chicken-vindal	cloves garlic
chicken-vindal	ground coriander seeds
chicken-vindal	ground turmeric
chicken-vindal	boneless chicken breast
chicken-vindal	tomato sauce
chicken-vindal	new potatoes
chicken-wbacon	chicken breast
chicken-wbacon	chipped beef
chicken-wbacon	bacon
chicken-wbacon	mushroom soup concentrate
chicken-wbacon	sour cream
chicken-wine	chicken pieces
chicken-wine	garlic cloves
chicken-wine	medium onion
chicken-wine	chopped parsley
chicken-wine	medium carrot
chicken-wine	fresh mushrooms
chicken-wine	dry red wine
chicken-wine	cooking oil
chicken-wine	flour
chicken-wine	salt and pepper
chicken-yogurt	frying chicken
chicken-yogurt	vegetable oil
chicken-yogurt	medium onions
chicken-yogurt	garlic cloves
chicken-yogurt	cayenne
chicken-yogurt	coriander
chicken-yogurt	masala seasoning
chicken-yogurt	plain yogurt
chicken-yogurt	clarified butter
chicken-yogurt	salt
chickpea-soup	chick peas
chickpea-soup	baking soda
chickpea-soup	small onions
chickpea-soup	olive oil
chickpea-soup	salt
chickpea-soup	lemon juice
chili-1	 cheap steak
chili-1	stewed tomatoes
chili-1	 whole tomatoes
chili-1	 tomato sauce
chili-1	water
chili-1	chili seasoning
chili-1	large red onion
chili-1	garlic cloves
chili-1	fresh jalepeno peppers
chili-1	dried arbole or serrano peppers
chili-1	Anaheim or California (large) chilis
chili-1	bell pepper
chili-1	brown sugar
chili-1	salt
chili-1	black pepper
chili-1	masa flour
chili-1	cooked pinto beans
chili-2	ground beef
chili-2	large yellow onions
chili-2	kidney beans
chili-2	tomato paste
chili-2	water
chili-2	cloves garlic
chili-2	bay leaf
chili-2	ketchup
chili-2	chili powder
chili-3	canned beans
chili-3	stewed tomatoes
chili-3	beef
chili-3	garlic cloves
chili-3	medium jalapeno peppers
chili-3	medium onions
chili-3	flavorful beer
chili-3	cumin
chili-3	paprika
chili-3	cayenne pepper
chili-4	ground beef
chili-4	medium onion
chili-4	garlic cloves
chili-4	salt
chili-4	tomato sauce
chili-4	green chilies
chili-4	tomatoes
chili-4	chili powder
chili-4	ground allspice
chili-4	crushed red pepper
chili-4	ground black pepper
chili-4	ground white pepper
chili-4	MSG
chili-4	oregano
chili-4	ground cloves
chili-4	sugar
chili-4	seasoned salt
chili-4	red kidney beans
chili-4	sliced pepperoni
chili-5	oregano
chili-5	paprika
chili-5	MSG
chili-5	chili powder
chili-5	cumin
chili-5	beef bouillon
chili-5	cumin
chili-5	beer
chili-5	water
chili-5	extra lean chuck
chili-5	extra lean pork
chili-5	extra lean chuck
chili-5	large onions
chili-5	oil or kidney suet
chili-5	mollasses
chili-5	sugar
chili-5	coriander
chili-5	hot pepper sauce
chili-5	tomato sauce
chili-5	masa harina
chili-5	salt
chili-6	ground beef
chili-6	onions
chili-6	garlic cloves
chili-6	tomato paste
chili-6	kidney beans
chili-6	canned green chili peppers
chili-6	chili powder
chili-6	oregano
chili-6	oil
chili-7	ground beef
chili-7	large onions
chili-7	green pepper
chili-7	garlic cloves
chili-7	crushed tomatoes
chili-7	whole tomatoes
chili-7	tomato paste
chili-7	light red kidney beans
chili-7	brown sugar
chili-7	white sugar
chili-7	chili powder
chili-7	MSG (monosodium glutamate)
chili-7	crushed red (cayenne) pepper
chili-7	ground black pepper
chili-7	salt
chili-7	bacon grease
chili-7	water or beer
chili-7	garlic powder
chili-bean	pink, red, or pinto beans
chili-bean	boiling water
chili-bean	garlic salt
chili-bean	onion salt
chili-bean	thyme
chili-bean	marjoram
chili-bean	beef or chicken broth
chili-bean	stewed tomatoes
chili-bean	chili powder
chinese-spagh	bean sprouts
chinese-spagh	peas
chinese-spagh	cucumber
chinese-spagh	eggs
chinese-spagh	green onions
chinese-spagh	Chinese noodles
chinese-spagh	lean pork or beef
chinese-spagh	crushed ginger
chinese-spagh	green onion
chinese-spagh	chicken broth
chinese-spagh	sweet bean sauce
chinese-spagh	soy sauce
chinese-spagh	Chinese rice wine
chinese-spagh	sugar
chinese-spagh	MSG
chinese-spagh	sesame seed oil
choc-cake-1	tea biscuits
choc-cake-1	liqueur
choc-cake-1	brandy
choc-cake-1	cream
choc-cake-1	milk
choc-cake-1	instant chocolate pudding
choc-cake-1	salt
choc-cake-1	bittersweet chocolate
choc-cake-1	milk chocolate
choc-cake-2	self-raising flour
choc-cake-2	caster sugar
choc-cake-2	cocoa
choc-cake-2	bicarbonate of soda
choc-cake-2	salt
choc-cake-2	eggs
choc-cake-2	milk
choc-cake-2	butter or margarine
choc-cake-2	vanilla
choc-cake-2	cream
choc-cake-2	cooking chocolate
choc-cake-2	copha
choc-cake-2	nuts
choc-cake-3	instant espresso coffee
choc-cake-3	hot water
choc-cake-3	semisweet chocolate
choc-cake-3	bitter chocolate
choc-cake-3	eggs
choc-cake-3	butter
choc-cake-3	sugar
choc-cake-3	cream of tartar
choc-cake-3	sifted corn starch
choc-cake-3	instant espresso coffee
choc-cake-3	semisweet chocolate
choc-cake-3	bitter chocolate
choc-cake-3	butter
choc-cake-4	butter or margarine
choc-cake-4	icing sugar
choc-cake-4	large eggs
choc-cake-4	cashews or almonds
choc-cake-4	cocoa
choc-cake-4	graham crackers
choc-cake-4	milk
choc-cake-4	vanilla
choc-cake-5	sugar
choc-cake-5	cocoa
choc-cake-5	boiling water
choc-cake-5	shortening
choc-cake-5	eggs
choc-cake-5	vanilla
choc-cake-5	sifted cake flour
choc-cake-5	baking soda
choc-cake-5	buttermilk
choc-chip-1	butter
choc-chip-1	sugar
choc-chip-1	brown sugar
choc-chip-1	eggs
choc-chip-1	vanilla extract
choc-chip-1	flour
choc-chip-1	rolled oats
choc-chip-1	salt
choc-chip-1	baking soda
choc-chip-1	baking powder
choc-chip-1	chocolate chips
choc-chip-1	chocolate bar
choc-chip-1	chopped nuts
choc-chip-2	butter
choc-chip-2	dark brown sugar
choc-chip-2	eggs
choc-chip-2	vanilla extract
choc-chip-2	all-purpose flour
choc-chip-2	baking soda
choc-chip-2	chocolate chips
choc-chip-3	brown sugar
choc-chip-3	butter
choc-chip-3	honey
choc-chip-3	large egg
choc-chip-3	vanilla extract
choc-chip-3	flour
choc-chip-3	baking soda
choc-chip-3	chocolate chips
choc-chip-4	flour
choc-chip-4	salt
choc-chip-4	baking soda
choc-chip-4	butter, softened
choc-chip-4	white sugar
choc-chip-4	brown sugar
choc-chip-4	vanilla extract
choc-chip-4	large egg
choc-chip-4	Nestle's chocolate chips
choc-crackles	copha
choc-crackles	icing sugar
choc-crackles	cocoa
choc-crackles	Rice Bubbles
choc-crackles	sultanas
choc-nut-torte	butter or margarine
choc-nut-torte	sugar
choc-nut-torte	eggs
choc-nut-torte	bittersweet chocolate
choc-nut-torte	unblanched almonds
choc-nut-torte	baking powder
choc-nut-torte	unblanched almonds
choc-nut-torte	eggs
choc-nut-torte	potato starch
choc-nut-torte	bittersweet chocolate
choc-nut-torte	margarine
choc-nut-torte	almonds
choc-pancakes	margarine
choc-pancakes	cocoa
choc-pancakes	flour
choc-pancakes	sugar
choc-pancakes	eggs
choc-pancakes	vanilla
choc-pancakes	salt
choc-pancakes	butter cream frosting
choc-pie-1	butter
choc-pie-1	unsweetened chocolate
choc-pie-1	sugar
choc-pie-1	eggs
choc-pie-1	creme de cacao liqueur
choc-pie-1	all-purpose flour
choc-pie-1	vanilla extract
choc-pie-1	salt
choc-pie-1	baked pie shell
choc-pie-1	Vanilla ice cream or sweetened whipped cream
choc-pudding-1	double cream
choc-pudding-1	sugar
choc-pudding-1	water
choc-pudding-1	plain chocolate
choc-pudding-1	egg yolks
choc-pudding-2	semisweet or white chocolate, melted
choc-pudding-2	granulated sugar
choc-pudding-2	salt
choc-pudding-2	ground cinnamon
choc-pudding-2	milk
choc-pudding-2	eggs
choc-pudding-2	bread cubes
choc-slices	butter
choc-slices	flour or cocoa
choc-slices	unsweetened chocolate
choc-slices	unsalted butter, softened
choc-slices	sugar
choc-slices	eggs
choc-slices	salt
choc-slices	sifted all-purpose flour
choc-slices	heavy cream
choc-slices	semisweet chocolate
choc-slices	dark rum
choc-slices	vanilla extract
choc-slices	fine granulated sugar
choc-slices	water
choc-slices	semisweet chocolate
chokladkaka	dry bread crumbs
chokladkaka	shortening
chokladkaka	sugar
chokladkaka	eggs
chokladkaka	melted, unsweetened baking chocolate
chokladkaka	cake flour
chokladkaka	baking powder
chokladkaka	salt
chokladkaka	baking soda
chokladkaka	heavy cream
chokladkaka	vanilla extract
chopped-liver	chicken livers
chopped-liver	onion
chopped-liver	garlic cloves
chopped-liver	schmaltz
chopped-liver	eggs
chopped-liver2	baby beef liver
chopped-liver2	large onion
chopped-liver2	eggs
chopped-liver2	peanut oil
chopped-liver2	salt & pepper
chuck-wagon	any variety of dry bean
chuck-wagon	ham hock or shank
chuck-wagon	large onion
chuck-wagon	water
chuck-wagon	salt
chuck-wagon	green chili salsa
chutney-2	green tomatoes
chutney-2	cooking apples
chutney-2	shallots or onions
chutney-2	sugar
chutney-2	sultanas or currants
chutney-2	salt
chutney-2	mixed pickling spice
chutney-2	peppercorns
chutney-2	cloves
chutney-2	vinegar
chutney-raw	stoneless dates
chutney-raw	apples
chutney-raw	onions
chutney-raw	sultanas
chutney-raw	brown sugar
chutney-raw	vinegar
chutney-raw	salt
chutney-raw	cayenne pepper
chutney-raw	pickling spices
chutney-raw	ginger
coco-chips	margarine
coco-chips	graham cracker crumbs
coco-chips	shredded coconut
coco-chips	chocolate chips
coco-chips	sweetened condensed milk
coconut-drops	egg whites
coconut-drops	sugar
coconut-drops	vanilla
coconut-drops	shredded coconut
coconut-drops	whole unblanched almonds 
coconut-joys	butter or margarine
coconut-joys	powdered sugar
coconut-joys	coconut
coconut-joys	unsweetened chocolate
coconut-shrimp	ground red pepper
coconut-shrimp	salt
coconut-shrimp	sweet paprika
coconut-shrimp	black pepper
coconut-shrimp	garlic powder
coconut-shrimp	onion powder
coconut-shrimp	thyme
coconut-shrimp	oregano
coconut-shrimp	orange marmalade or apricot jam
coconut-shrimp	brown mustard
coconut-shrimp	horseradish
coconut-shrimp	eggs
coconut-shrimp	flour
coconut-shrimp	beer
coconut-shrimp	baking powder
coconut-shrimp	medium shrimp
coconut-shrimp	grated coconut
cod-pudding	salted cod
cod-pudding	rice
cod-pudding	milk
cod-pudding	large eggs
cod-pudding	butter
coffee-cake-1	shortening
coffee-cake-1	sugar
coffee-cake-1	vanilla
coffee-cake-1	large eggs
coffee-cake-1	flour
coffee-cake-1	baking powder
coffee-cake-1	baking soda
coffee-cake-1	sour cream
coffee-cake-1	butter
coffee-cake-1	light brown sugar
coffee-cake-1	cinnamon
coffee-cake-1	chopped nuts
coffee-cake-2	sifted unbleached flour
coffee-cake-2	granulated sugar
coffee-cake-2	baking powder
coffee-cake-2	baking soda
coffee-cake-2	salt
coffee-cake-2	eggs
coffee-cake-2	sour cream
coffee-cake-2	vanilla
coffee-cake-2	fresh blueberries
coffee-cake-2	vegetable oil
coffee-cake-2	granulated sugar
coffee-cake-2	butter
coffee-cake-2	cinammon
cognac-cookies	chocolate chips
cognac-cookies	vanilla wafers
cognac-cookies	pecans
cognac-cookies	sugar
cognac-cookies	corn syrup
cognac-cookies	cognac
cold-noodles	fresh garlic
cold-noodles	fresh coriander
cold-noodles	peanut butter
cold-noodles	light soy sauce
cold-noodles	sugar
cold-noodles	rice wine
cold-noodles	hot bean paste
cold-noodles	sesame oil
cold-noodles	lo mein noodles
coleslaw-1	cabbage
coleslaw-1	mayonnaise
coleslaw-1	onion
coleslaw-1	lemon juice
coleslaw-1	black pepper
coleslaw-2	butter
coleslaw-2	chopped onion
coleslaw-2	caraway seed
coleslaw-2	water
coleslaw-2	white wine vinegar
coleslaw-2	salt
coleslaw-2	tabasco hot sauce
coleslaw-2	shredded cabbage
cookies-pb	peanut-butter
cookies-pb	sugar
cookies-pb	large egg
corn-chowder	butter
corn-chowder	small onion
corn-chowder	cubed ham
corn-chowder	medium potatoes
corn-chowder	water
corn-chowder	salt and pepper
corn-chowder	canned corn
corn-chowder	milk
corn-chowder-2	Polish sausage
corn-chowder-2	bacon slices
corn-chowder-2	chopped onions
corn-chowder-2	flour
corn-chowder-2	chicken stock
corn-chowder-2	water
corn-chowder-2	corn
corn-chowder-2	cubed potatoes
corn-chowder-2	white pepper
corn-chowder-2	red pepper sauce
corn-chowder-2	milk
corn-chowder-2	butter
cornbread-1	self-rising cornmeal
cornbread-1	cooking oil
cornbread-1	eggs
cornbread-1	onions
cornbread-1	green pepper
cornbread-1	jalapeno peppers
cornbread-1	sour cream
cornbread-1	cream style corn
cornbread-1	pimentos
cornbread-1	grated cheddar cheese
cornbread-stuf	yellow cornmeal
cornbread-stuf	all-purpose flour
cornbread-stuf	salt
cornbread-stuf	baking powder
cornbread-stuf	egg
cornbread-stuf	vegetable oil
cornbread-stuf	milk
cornbread-stuf	vegetable oil
cornbread-stuf	turkey neck
cornbread-stuf	giblets and gizzard from 1 turkey
cornbread-stuf	leaves from 4 celery stalks
cornbread-stuf	celery stalk
cornbread-stuf	quartered small onion
cornbread-stuf	water
cornbread-stuf	herbed bread cubes
cornbread-stuf	large yellow onion
cornbread-stuf	celery stalks
cornbread-stuf	cooked rice
cornbread-stuf	sliced mushrooms
cornbread-stuf	roughly chopped pecans
cornbread-stuf	butter or margarine 
cornbread-stuf	salt
cornbread-stuf	black pepper
cornbread-stuf	rubbed sage
cornbread-stuf	thyme
crab-butter	butter
crab-butter	cream cheese
crab-butter	mayonnaise
crab-butter	crab meat
crab-butter	onion
crab-butter	cocktail sauce
crab-butter	lemon juice
crab-butter	crushed garlic
crab-butter	Worcestershire sauce
cranb-bread-1	all-purpose flour
cranb-bread-1	granulated sugar
cranb-bread-1	baking powder
cranb-bread-1	baking soda
cranb-bread-1	salt
cranb-bread-1	orange juice
cranb-bread-1	grated orange peel
cranb-bread-1	shortening
cranb-bread-1	egg
cranb-bread-1	cranberries
cranb-bread-1	walnuts or pecans
cranb-chicken	jellied cranberry sauce
cranb-chicken	dry sherry
cranb-chicken	chicken broth
cranb-chicken	ground ginger
cranb-chicken	ground nutmeg
cranb-chicken	ground cloves
cranb-chicken	ground pepper
cranb-chicken	star anise
cranb-chicken	dry mustard
cranb-chicken	prepared mustard
cranb-chicken	dark brown sugar
cranb-chicken	chicken breasts
cranb-chicken	seasoned flour
cranb-chicken	butter
cranb-cookies	butter
cranb-cookies	brown sugar
cranb-cookies	sugar
cranb-cookies	egg
cranb-cookies	milk
cranb-cookies	flour
cranb-cookies	baking powder
cranb-cookies	cinnamon
cranb-cookies	salt
cranb-cookies	grated orange rind
cranb-cookies	apples
cranb-cookies	cranberries
cranb-quiche	sweet potatoes
cranb-quiche	carrots
cranb-quiche	cranberries
cranb-quiche	sugar
cranb-quiche	milk
cranb-quiche	eggs
cranb-quiche	cream cheese
cranb-quiche	nutmeg
cranb-quiche	salt
cranb-quiche	pre-baked quiche shell
cranb-relish	raw cranberries
cranb-relish	oranges
cranb-relish	cane sugar
cranb-relish-2	marshmallow creme
cranb-relish-2	heavy whipping cream
cranb-relish-2	cream cheese
cranb-relish-2	fresh cranberries
cranb-relish-2	water
cranb-relish-2	raspberry Jello mix
cranb-relish-2	granulated sugar
cranb-relish-2	Tokay grapes
cranb-relish-2	celery
cranb-relish-2	canned crushed pineapple
cranb-relish-3	raw cranberries
cranb-relish-3	small onion
cranb-relish-3	sugar
cranb-relish-3	sour cream
cranb-relish-3	prepared white horseradish
cranb-sauce-1	cranberries
cranb-sauce-1	water
cranb-sauce-1	sugar
crm-spinach	spinach
crm-spinach	sour cream
crm-spinach	prepared horseradish
crm-spinach-2	spinach
crm-spinach-2	bacon slices
crm-spinach-2	small onion
crm-spinach-2	flour
crm-spinach-2	milk
crm-spinach-2	salt
crm-spinach-2	pepper
cuban-beans	dried beans
cuban-beans	onion, diced
cuban-beans	green pepper, diced
cuban-beans	garlic, diced
cuban-beans	tomato sauce
cuban-beans	olive oil
cuban-beans	salt
cuban-beans	water
cuban-beans	long-grain rice
cuban-beans	salt
cucumber-sauce	cucumber
cucumber-sauce	whole cumin seeds
cucumber-sauce	hot green chilis
cucumber-sauce	plain yogurt
cucumber-sauce	vegetable oil
cucumber-sauce	garlic
cucumber-sauce	salt
cuke-chunks	cucumbers
cuke-chunks	sugar
cuke-chunks	pickling spice
cuke-chunks	salt
cuke-chunks	vinegar
curried-fruit	fruit
curried-fruit	cherries
curried-fruit	light brown sugar
curried-fruit	curry powder
curried-fruit	melted butter
curried-fruit	blanched, slivered almonds
curried-rice	butter
curried-rice	chopped onion
curried-rice	minced garlic
curried-rice	rice
curried-rice	curry powder
curried-rice	chicken broth
curried-rice	parsley
curried-rice	bay leaf
curry-salad	mayonnaise
curry-salad	curry powder
curry-salad	small shrimp
curry-salad	honeydew balls
curry-salad	slivered water chestnuts
curry-salad	small sea shell pasta
damper	self-raising flour
damper	salt
damper	butter
damper	sugar
damper	milk
dandelions	tender, fresh dandelion greens
dandelions	thinly sliced red onions
dandelions	tomatoes
dandelions	sharp cheddar cheese
dandelions	black pepper
dandelions	salad oil
dandelions	vinegar
dandelions	dill
dark-rolls	oatmeal
dark-rolls	whole wheat flour
dark-rolls	salt
dark-rolls	shortening
dark-rolls	molasses
dark-rolls	honey
dark-rolls	boiling water
dark-rolls	active dry yeast
dark-rolls	warm water
dark-rolls	honey
dark-rolls	egg
dark-rolls	unbleached flour
delmonicos	potatoes
delmonicos	uncooked white rice
delmonicos	butter
delmonicos	flour
delmonicos	milk
delmonicos	salt
delmonicos	pepper
delmonicos	sharp cheddar cheese
dill-dip	cream cheese
dill-dip	pimento-stuffed green olive
dill-dip	grated onion
dill-dip	dried dill
dill-dip	salt
dill-dip	light cream
dog-biscuits	all-purpose flour
dog-biscuits	whole-wheat flour
dog-biscuits	rye flour
dog-biscuits	cornmeal
dog-biscuits	cracked wheat (bulgur)
dog-biscuits	non-fat dry milk powder
dog-biscuits	salt
dog-biscuits	chicken stock
dog-biscuits	active dry yeast
dog-biscuits	egg
dog-biscuits	milk
drunk-leeks	small leeks 
drunk-leeks	clove garlic 
drunk-leeks	red wine
drunk-leeks	red wine vinegar
drunk-leeks	parsley
drunk-leeks	salt 
drunk-leeks	black pepper
egg-mousse	hard-boiled eggs
egg-mousse	gelatine
egg-mousse	Worcestershire sauce
egg-mousse	anchovy essence
egg-mousse	chicken stock
egg-mousse	whipped cream
egg-mousse	paprika
egg-mousse	salt
eggnog1	egg yolks
eggnog1	sugar
eggnog1	milk
eggnog1	light rum
eggnog1	whipping cream
eggnog2	egg whites
eggnog2	sugar
eggnog2	egg yolks
eggnog2	sugar
eggnog2	salt
eggnog2	heavy cream, beaten
eggnog2	milk
eggnog2	Bourbon
eggnog2	dark rum
eggnog3	eggs, separated
eggnog3	confectioner's sugar
eggnog3	liquor
eggnog3	heavy whipping cream
eggnog3	nutmeg
eggnog3	sugar
eggplant-1	large eggplant
eggplant-1	large tomatoes,
eggplant-1	mozzarella cheese
eggplant-1	large white onion
eggplant-2	large eggplants
eggplant-2	large ripe tomatoes
eggplant-2	oil
eggplant-2	large onions
eggplant-2	salt
eggplant-2	black pepper
eggplant-3	large eggplant
eggplant-3	garlic cloves
eggplant-3	chopped onion
eggplant-3	fresh ripe tomatoes
eggplant-3	sugar
eggplant-3	salt
eggplant-3	fresh red hot chili peppers
eggplant-3	water
eggplant-3	vegetable oil
eggplant-4	sesame oil
eggplant-4	Szechuan peppers
eggplant-4	large eggplant
eggplant-4	cloves garlic
eggs-scotch	eggs
eggs-scotch	sausage meat
eggs-scotch	rolled oats
eggs-scotch	mustard
eggs-scotch	black pepper
eggs-scotch	bread crumbs
eggs-scotch	eggs
eggs-shrooms	eggs
eggs-shrooms	butter
eggs-shrooms	fresh mushrooms
eggs-shrooms	flour
eggs-shrooms	white cooking wine
eggs-shrooms	chicken broth
eggs-shrooms	mayonnaise
eggs-shrooms	small onion
eggs-shrooms	dried parsley
eggs-shrooms	salt and pepper
eggs-shrooms	butter
eggs-shrooms	Monterey Jack cheese
enchiladas-1	ground beef
enchiladas-1	cloves garlic
enchiladas-1	salt
enchiladas-1	pepper
enchiladas-1	chili powder
enchiladas-1	flour
enchiladas-1	tomato sauce
enchiladas-1	water
enchiladas-1	corn tortillas
enchiladas-1	eggs
enchiladas-1	vegetable oil
enchiladas-1	shredded lettuce
enchiladas-1	large tomato
enchiladas-1	medium onion
enchiladas-1	cheddar cheese
enchiladas-2	ground meat
enchiladas-2	medium onion
enchiladas-2	green pepper
enchiladas-2	garlic cloves
enchiladas-2	cilantro
enchiladas-2	red pepper
enchiladas-2	salt
enchiladas-2	cumin
enchiladas-2	wine or sherry
enchiladas-2	black olives
enchiladas-2	enchilada sauce
enchiladas-2	tomato sauce
enchiladas-2	corn tortillas
enchiladas-2	monterey jack cheese
enchiladas-2	sour cream
enchiladas-2	oil
fajitas	skirt steak
fajitas	large yellow onions
fajitas	vegetable oil
fajitas	whole-wheat tortillas
fajitas	grated cheese
fajitas	guacamole
fajitas	lime juice
fajitas	ground black pepper
fajitas	garlic
fajitas	fresh cilantro
fajitas	scallions
fajitas	large tomatoes
fajitas	garlic
fish-chowder	haddock
fish-chowder	water
fish-chowder	bacon
fish-chowder	medium potato
fish-chowder	onion
fish-chowder	creamed corn
fish-chowder	milk
flan	sugar
flan	eggs
flan	egg yolks
flan	milk
flan	vanilla extract
fondue-1	garlic clove
fondue-1	medium onion
fondue-1	dry white wine
fondue-1	curry powder
fondue-1	matured cheddar cheese
fondue-1	flour
fondue-1	spicy fruit relish
fondue-1	salt
fondue-1	freshly ground pepper
frango-pie	butter
frango-pie	confectioners sugar
frango-pie	unsweetened chocolate
frango-pie	eggs
frango-pie	peppermint extract
frango-pie	vanilla extract
frango-pie	vanilla wafers 
fruit-cake-1	candied citron
fruit-cake-1	candied cherries
fruit-cake-1	dark raisins
fruit-cake-1	golden raisins
fruit-cake-1	Calmyra figs
fruit-cake-1	pitted dates
fruit-cake-1	pecan halves
fruit-cake-1	brandy
fruit-cake-1	white flour
fruit-cake-1	baking powder
fruit-cake-1	salt
fruit-cake-1	ground cinnamon
fruit-cake-1	ground nutmeg
fruit-cake-1	ground allspice
fruit-cake-1	ground cloves
fruit-cake-1	eggs
fruit-cake-1	packed brown sugar
fruit-cake-1	orange juice
fruit-cake-1	melted butter
fruit-cake-1	light molasses
fruit-cake-2	all-purpose flour
fruit-cake-2	salt
fruit-cake-2	baking soda
fruit-cake-2	baking powder
fruit-cake-2	allspice
fruit-cake-2	cinnamon
fruit-cake-2	cloves
fruit-cake-2	mace
fruit-cake-2	nutmeg
fruit-cake-2	melted butter
fruit-cake-2	eggs
fruit-cake-2	black coffee
fruit-cake-2	brown sugar
fruit-cake-2	raisins
fruit-cake-2	mixed fruit
fruit-cake-2	dates
fruit-cake-2	rum or brandy
fruit-cake-2	butter
fruit-cake-2	rum or brandy
fruit-cake-2	sugar
fruit-salad	ripe pineapple
fruit-salad	ripe melon
fruit-salad	large grapefruit
fruit-salad	oranges
fruit-salad	maraschino cherries
fruit-salad	ripe bananas
fruit-salad	kiwi fruits
fruit-salad	stewed prunes in heavy syrup
fruit-salad	ripe peaches
fruit-salad	apricot nectar
fruit-soup	apple juice concentrate
fruit-soup	peaches or nectarines
fruit-soup	canteloupe
fruit-soup	apricots
fruit-soup	strawberries
fruit-soup	small lemon
fruit-soup	small lime
fruit-soup	dried mint flakes
fruit-soup	cinnamon
fruit-soup	nutmeg
fruit-soup	unflavored yogurt
fruit-soup	honey
fruit-soup	sherry or other sweet wine
fruit-soup	grape juice concentrate
fruit-soup	violets or other small non-toxic flowers
fruit-tart	pie shell
fruit-tart	water
fruit-tart	sugar
fruit-tart	cornstarch
fruit-tart	sliced fruit
fruit-tart	ground cinnamon or nutmeg
fudge-1	sugar
fudge-1	condensed milk
fudge-1	butter
fudge-1	salt
fudge-1	unsweetened chocolate
fudge-1	corn syrup
fudge-1	walnuts
fudge-1	vanilla extract
fudge-1	rum
garlic-bread	butter
garlic-bread	parmesan cheese
garlic-bread	mayonnaise
garlic-bread	garlic cloves
garlic-bread	fresh parsley
garlic-bread	oregano
garlic-bread	French bread
garlic-bread-2	butter
garlic-bread-2	garlic salt
garlic-bread-2	grated cheese
garlic-bread-2	loaf of Italian or French bread
garlic-scampi	butter
garlic-scampi	finely minced garlic
garlic-scampi	clam juice
garlic-scampi	flour
garlic-scampi	minced parsley
garlic-scampi	white wine
garlic-scampi	juice of 1/2 lemon
garlic-scampi	dry basil
garlic-scampi	nutmeg
garlic-scampi	salt and peper
garlic-scampi	half-and-half
garlic-scampi	butter
garlic-scampi	olive oil
garlic-scampi	minced garlic
garlic-scampi	juice of 1 lemon
garlic-scampi	chopped parsley
garlic-scampi	crushed red pepper
garlic-scampi	fresh basil
garlic-scampi	white wine
garlic-scampi	dash of dry vermouth
garlic-scampi	salt and pepper
garlic-scampi	deveined and cleaned scampi (prawns)
gateaux-pim	chana dall
gateaux-pim	small onions
gateaux-pim	spring onions
gateaux-pim	sprigs watercress
gateaux-pim	green chillies
gateaux-pim	sprig parsley
gateaux-pim	turmeric
gateaux-pim	thyme
gateaux-pim	salt
gateaux-pim	black pepper
ginger-cookies	butter
ginger-cookies	sugar
ginger-cookies	dark molasses
ginger-cookies	egg
ginger-cookies	flour
ginger-cookies	baking soda
ginger-cookies	ginger
ginger-cookies	cinnamon
ginger-cookies	ground cloves
gingerbread	butter
gingerbread	white sugar
gingerbread	baking soda
gingerbread	water
gingerbread	blackstrap molasses
gingerbread	salt
gingerbread	ginger
gingerbread	cinnamon
gingerbread	white flour
gingerbread	eggs
gingerbread	powdered sugar
gingerbread	diluted milk
gingerbread-2	white sugar
gingerbread-2	salt
gingerbread-2	ginger
gingerbread-2	cinnamon
gingerbread-2	powdered cloves
gingerbread-2	vegetable oil
gingerbread-2	light molasses
gingerbread-2	baking soda
gingerbread-2	boiling water
gingerbread-2	all-purpose flour
gingerbread-2	eggs
goulash-1	sauerkraut
goulash-1	caraway seeds
goulash-1	butter
goulash-1	pork shoulder
goulash-1	Hungarian sausage
goulash-1	large onion
goulash-1	cloves of garlic
goulash-1	green pepper
goulash-1	Hungarian sweet paprika
goulash-1	sour cream
graham-crack	butter
graham-crack	graham flour
graham-crack	baking powder
graham-crack	brown sugar
graham-crack	ground cinnamon
graham-crack	honey
graham-crack	egg
graham-crack	hot water
granola	vegetable oil
granola	honey
granola	vanilla extract
granola	rolled oats
granola	wheat flakes
granola	sunflower seeds
granola	raisins
granola	sesame seeds
granola	chopped walnuts
granola	flaked coconut
grape-pie	Graham cracker crumbs
grape-pie	sugar
grape-pie	butter
grape-pie	cornstarch
grape-pie	sugar
grape-pie	cold water
grape-pie	green seedless grapes
grape-pie	lemon juice
grape-pie	sour cream
grape-pie	sugar
grape-pie	vanilla extract
gravlax	small salmon
gravlax	white peppercorns
gravlax	salt
gravlax	sugar
gravlax	dill
gravlax	salt
gravlax	sugar
gravlax	white pepper
gravlax	allspice
gravlax	gin
gravlax	dill
gravlax	salt
gravlax	sugar
gravlax	white peppercorns
gravlax	dill
gravlax	salt
gravlax	sugar
gravlax	white peppercorns
gravlax	dark french coarse-ground mustard
gravlax	sugar
gravlax	salt
gravlax	ground white pepper
gravlax	vinegar
gravlax	olive oil
gravlax	dill
gumdrop-cake	flour
gumdrop-cake	eggs
gumdrop-cake	baking soda
gumdrop-cake	applesauce
gumdrop-cake	salt
gumdrop-cake	vanilla
gumdrop-cake	cinnamon
gumdrop-cake	white raisins
gumdrop-cake	ground cloves
gumdrop-cake	gumdrops
gumdrop-cake	nutmeg
gumdrop-cake	coconut
gumdrop-cake	butter
gumdrop-cake	walnuts
gumdrop-cake	sugar
halvas	olive oil
halvas	semolina
halvas	sugar
halvas	water
halvas	powdered cinnamon
ham-bananas	bananas
ham-bananas	slices of ham
ham-bananas	grated parmesan cheese
ham-bananas	double cream
ham-bananas	paprika
ham-bananas	salt and pepper
hamantashen	flour
hamantashen	butter
hamantashen	cream cheese
hamantashen	poppy seeds
hamantashen	walnuts
hamantashen	raisins
hamantashen	honey
hamburger-pie	chopped onion
hamburger-pie	chopped green pepper
hamburger-pie	garlic
hamburger-pie	vegetable oil
hamburger-pie	hamburger
hamburger-pie	water
hamburger-pie	salt
hamburger-pie	pepper
hamburger-pie	Worcestershire sauce
hamburger-pie	flour
hamburger-pie	egg
hamburger-pie	canned biscuits
hens-tarragon	Cornish game hens
hens-tarragon	butter
hens-tarragon	lemon juice
hens-tarragon	dried tarragon
hens-tarragon	salt
herb-blend-1	tarragon
herb-blend-1	chervil
herb-blend-1	sage leaves
herb-blend-1	thyme
herb-blend-1	rosemary
herb-blend-1	freeze-dried chopped chives
herb-blend-1	dessicated orange rind
herb-blend-1	ground celery seed
herb-steak-1	steak
herb-steak-1	onions
herb-steak-1	brown sugar
herb-steak-1	salt
herb-steak-1	pepper
herb-steak-1	cayenne
herb-steak-1	mixed herbs
herb-steak-1	chopped capers
herb-steak-1	ketchup
herb-steak-1	Worcestershire sauce
herb-steak-1	vinegar
hiker-bars	chunky peanut butter
hiker-bars	butter
hiker-bars	medium bananas
hiker-bars	molasses
hiker-bars	sugar
hiker-bars	vanilla
hiker-bars	eggs
hiker-bars	cinnamon
hiker-bars	ginger
hiker-bars	whole wheat flour
hiker-bars	white flour
hiker-bars	Kellogg's Special K cereal
hiker-bars	baking powder
hiker-bars	baking soda
hiker-bars	salt
hiker-bars	chocolate chips
hiker-bars	salted peanuts
hiker-bars	dates
hobbit-pie	deep dish unbaked pie crusts
hobbit-pie	beaten eggs
hobbit-pie	whole wheat flour
hobbit-pie	grated cheddar cheese
hobbit-pie	sliced mushrooms
hobbit-pie	onions 300 g
hobbit-pie	oil
hobbit-pie	cottage cheese
hobbit-pie	chopped parsley
hobbit-pie	dry white wine
hollandaise-1	fresh lemon juice
hollandaise-1	water
hollandaise-1	salt
hollandaise-1	eggs
hollandaise-1	unsalted butter
hot-cheese-dip	cheese soup
hot-cheese-dip	chopped green chilies
hot-cheese-dip	medium yellow onion
hot-cheese-dip	crushed red pepper
hot-cheese-dip	chili powder
hot-cheese-dip	cumin
hot-cheese-dip	garlic clove
hot-cheese-dip	hot sauce
hot-cheese-dip	sour cream
hot-fanny-1	unsalted butter
hot-fanny-1	cayenne pepper
hot-fanny-1	Tabasco sauce
hot-fanny-1	ground black pepper
hot-fanny-1	ground white pepper
hot-fanny-1	paprika
hot-fanny-1	oregano
hot-fanny-1	garlic cloves
hot-fanny-1	pecans
hot-fanny-1	pecans
hot-fanny-1	onion
hot-fanny-1	lemon juice
hot-fanny-1	fish
hot-fudge-1	butter
hot-fudge-1	bitter chocolate
hot-fudge-1	powdered sugar
hot-fudge-1	evaporated milk
hot-fudge-1	salt
hot-fudge-1	vanilla
hotdog-cass	frankfurters
hotdog-cass	frozen broccoli spears
hotdog-cass	frozen cauliflower
hotdog-cass	large potatoes
hotdog-cass	canned corn
hotdog-cass	cheddar cheese
hotsour-soup-1	peanut oil
hotsour-soup-1	garlic clove
hotsour-soup-1	ginger root
hotsour-soup-1	boneless pork loin
hotsour-soup-1	soy sauce or tamari
hotsour-soup-1	bamboo shoots
hotsour-soup-1	dried shiitake mushrooms
hotsour-soup-1	dried lily buds
hotsour-soup-1	dried tree ear fungus
hotsour-soup-1	chicken broth
hotsour-soup-1	dry sherry
hotsour-soup-1	red wine vinegar
hotsour-soup-1	cornstarch
hotsour-soup-1	water
hotsour-soup-1	tofu pad
hotsour-soup-1	green onions
hotsour-soup-1	eggs
hotsour-soup-1	toasted sesame oil
hotsour-soup-1	chili oil
hotsour-soup-1	white pepper
hotsour-soup-1	salt and more pepper
hotsour-soup-2	bean curd
hotsour-soup-2	bamboo shoot
hotsour-soup-2	golden needles
hotsour-soup-2	wood ear fungus
hotsour-soup-2	black mushroom
hotsour-soup-2	egg
hotsour-soup-2	very lean pork
hotsour-soup-2	light soy sauce
hotsour-soup-2	cornstarch
hotsour-soup-2	chicken stock
hotsour-soup-2	salt
hotsour-soup-2	MSG
hotsour-soup-2	sugar
hotsour-soup-2	cornstarch
hotsour-soup-2	water
hotsour-soup-2	light soy sauce
hotsour-soup-2	vinegar
hotsour-soup-2	sesame oil
hotsour-soup-2	chili oil
hotsour-soup-2	black pepper
hotsour-soup-2	white pepper
hotsour-soup-2	scallion
hotsour-soup-2	fresh ginger
jack-jubilee	medium onion
jack-jubilee	butter
jack-jubilee	tomato sauce
jack-jubilee	green chili peppers
jack-jubilee	salt
jack-jubilee	eggs
jack-jubilee	half-and-half
jack-jubilee	corn chips
jack-jubilee	Monterey jack cheese
jack-jubilee	cheddar cheese
jack-jubilee	paprika
jack-jubilee	sour cream
jansson	onion
jansson	potatoes
jansson	fillet of anchovy
jansson	double cream
jansson	bread crumbs
jansson	butter
kabocha-soup	medium kabocha squash
kabocha-soup	broth
kabocha-soup	dry millet
kabocha-soup	nutmeg
kabocha-soup	cayenne pepper 
kalbi-kui	short ribs
kalbi-kui	bouillon powder
kalbi-kui	water
kalbi-kui	olive oil
kalbi-kui	sesame oil
kalbi-kui	scallions, diced
key-lime-pie	eggs
key-lime-pie	condensed milk
key-lime-pie	Key Lime juice
key-lime-pie	sugar
key-lime-pie	Graham cracker pie crust
kolachki	cream cheese
kolachki	butter
kolachki	flour
kolachki	poppy seed filling
kolachki	finely ground walnuts
kolachki	egg
kolachki	sugar
kolachki	water
kourabiedes	unsalted butter
kourabiedes	powdered sugar
kourabiedes	egg yolks
kourabiedes	brandy
kourabiedes	vanilla extract
kourabiedes	flour
kourabiedes	blanched almonds
kourabiedes	powdered sugar
kugel-3	large potatoes
kugel-3	carrots
kugel-3	large onion
kugel-3	eggs
kugel-3	chicken fat
kugel-3	salt
kugel-3	sugar
kugel-3	all-purpose flour
kugel-3	ground black pepper
kugel-3	chopped parsley
kugel-3	Paprika
lamb-cacci	shoulder or leg of lamb
lamb-cacci	olive oil
lamb-cacci	small clove of garlic
lamb-cacci	dried rosemary
lamb-cacci	dried sage leaves
lamb-cacci	flour
lamb-cacci	white or wine vinegar
lamb-cacci	water
lamb-cacci	salt and pepper
lamb-coriander	stewing lamb
lamb-coriander	full fat natural yogurt
lamb-coriander	garlic cloves
lamb-coriander	ground coriander
lamb-coriander	lila murcha
lamb-coriander	paprika
lamb-coriander	salt
lamb-coriander	cooking oil
lamb-coriander	medium onions
lamb-coriander	cummin seeds
lamb-coriander	turmeric powder
lamb-coriander	black mustard seed
lamb-coriander	ginger
lamb-coriander	red chilli powder
lamb-coriander	fresh coriander
lamb-kebab	garlic
lamb-kebab	fresh ginger
lamb-kebab	lemon juice
lamb-kebab	peanut or vegetable oil
lamb-kebab	ground turmeric
lamb-kebab	ground coriander
lamb-kebab	ground cumin
lamb-kebab	cayenne
lamb-kebab	grated onion
lamb-kebab	lean lamb
lamb-kebab	medium onions
lamb-kebab	green peppers
lamb-kebab	tomatoes
lamb-marinade1	salad or olive oil
lamb-marinade1	wine vinegar
lamb-marinade1	prepared mustard
lamb-marinade1	crushed rosemary leaves
lamb-marinade1	salt
lamb-marinade1	onion salt
lamb-marinade1	black pepper
lamb-marinade1	ground ginger
lamb-marinade1	instant minced garlic
lamb-stew-1	olive oil
lamb-stew-1	large onion
lamb-stew-1	garlic cloves
lamb-stew-1	lamb
lamb-stew-1	cooked tomatoes
lamb-stew-1	bay leaves
lamb-stew-1	lemon juice
lamb-stew-1	Hungarian paprika
lamb-stew-1	celery salt
lamb-stew-1	ground cumin
lamb-stew-1	cayenne
lamb-stew-1	allspice
lamb-stew-1	cinnamon
lamb-stew-1	fresh green beans
lamb-vind	cubed lamb
lamb-vind	coriander seed
lamb-vind	cumin seed
lamb-vind	crushed tomatoes
lamb-vind	crushed garlic cloves
lamb-vind	bay leaves
lamb-vind	finely chopped fresh ginger
lamb-vind	ground black pepper
lamb-vind	cardamon seed
lamb-vind	cinnamon
lamb-vind	cloves
lamb-vind	cayenne
lamb-vind	ground mustard seed
lamb-vind	turmeric
lamb-vind	wine vinegar
lamb-vind	medium onions
lamb-vind	medium potatoes
lamb-vind	butter
lasagna-4	italian sausage
lasagna-4	ground beef
lasagna-4	stalks celery 
lasagna-4	carrots 
lasagna-4	large onion 
lasagna-4	canned Italian tomatoes
lasagna-4	tomato paste
lasagna-4	lasagna noodles
lasagna-4	salt
lasagna-4	oregano
lasagna-4	pepper
lasagna-4	mozzarella cheese
lasagna-4	garlic clove
lasagna-4	cottage cheese
lasagna-4	eggs 
lasagna-4	parmesan cheese
lasagna-4	parsley
lasagne-1	lean hamburger
lasagne-1	medium onion
lasagne-1	garlic cloves
lasagne-1	stewed tomatoes
lasagne-1	tomato sauce
lasagne-1	tomato paste
lasagne-1	sugar
lasagne-1	salt
lasagne-1	basil
lasagne-1	parsley
lasagne-1	eggs
lasagne-1	ricotta cheese
lasagne-1	small curd cottage cheese
lasagne-1	grated romano cheese
lasagne-1	parsley flakes
lasagne-1	salt
lasagne-1	oregano
lasagne-1	pepper to taste
lasagne-1	lasagne noodles
lasagne-1	salt
lasagne-1	mozzaralla cheese
lasagne-2	medium onion, chopped
lasagne-2	carrots, grated
lasagne-2	spinach
lasagne-2	sweetcorn, drained
lasagne-2	mushrooms
lasagne-2	lasagne noodles
lasagne-2	garlic cloves
lasagne-2	cheese
lasagne-2	milk
lasagne-2	cornflour
lasagne-2	butter
lasagne-3	tomato sauce
lasagne-3	canned tomatoes
lasagne-3	medium onions
lasagne-3	cloves garlic
lasagne-3	black olives
lasagne-3	green olives
lasagne-3	mushrooms
lasagne-3	large bunch broccoli
lasagne-3	mozzarella cheese
lasagne-3	other cheese
lasagne-3	cottage cheese
lasagne-3	parsley
lasagne-3	spinach
lasagne-3	eggs
lasagne-3	lasagna noodles
lasagne-3	Italian spices
leftover-soup	Chinese cabbage
leftover-soup	carrot
leftover-soup	red bell pepper
leftover-soup	yellow onion
leftover-soup	potatoes
leftover-soup	bacon pieces
leftover-soup	prosciutto end bits
leftover-soup	celery
leftover-soup	bouquet garni
leftover-soup	chicken or beef bouillon cubes
leftover-soup	garlic
leftover-soup	pepper
leftover-soup	white wine
leg-of-lamb-1	leg of lamb
leg-of-lamb-1	salt
leg-of-lamb-1	garlic cloves
leg-of-lamb-1	olive oil
leg-of-lamb-1	lemons
leg-of-lamb-1	tomato paste
leg-of-lamb-1	rosemary
leg-of-lamb-1	black pepper
leg-of-lamb-1	marjoram
leg-of-lamb-1	oregano
leg-of-lamb-1	savory
leg-of-lamb-2	leg of lamb
leg-of-lamb-2	garlic cloves
leg-of-lamb-2	lemon juice
leg-of-lamb-2	rosemary
leg-of-lamb-2	salt
leg-of-lamb-2	pepper
leg-of-lamb-2	butter
leg-of-lamb-3	leg of lamb
leg-of-lamb-3	rosemary
leg-of-lamb-3	black pepper
leg-of-lamb-3	green onions
leg-of-lamb-3	burgundy wine
leg-of-lamb-3	olive oil
leg-of-lamb-3	lemon juice
leg-of-lamb-3	garlic cloves
leg-of-lamb-3	oregano
leg-of-lamb-3	thyme
leg-of-lamb-3	onion
leg-of-lamb-4	red wine
leg-of-lamb-4	soy sauce
leg-of-lamb-4	rosemary leaves
leg-of-lamb-4	fresh black pepper
leg-of-lamb-4	cloves garlic
leg-of-lamb-4	half leg of lamb
leg-of-lamb-5	soy sauce
leg-of-lamb-5	pinot noir
leg-of-lamb-5	orange juice
leg-of-lamb-5	lemon juice
leg-of-lamb-5	honey
leg-of-lamb-5	dry mustard
leg-of-lamb-5	tomato puree
leg-of-lamb-5	cloves garlic
leg-of-lamb-5	ground black pepper
leg-of-lamb-5	half leg of lamb
lemon-pie	wheat flour
lemon-pie	butter
lemon-pie	water
lemon-pie	lemon
lemon-pie	butter
lemon-pie	egg
lemon-pie	sugar
lentil-soup	washed lentils
lentil-soup	water
lentil-soup	celery stalk
lentil-soup	onion
lentil-soup	carrot
lentil-soup	garlic cloves
lentil-soup	diced tomatoes
lentil-soup	cayenne
lentil-soup	chili powder
lentil-soup	cumin
lentil-soup	salt
lime-bars	flour
lime-bars	confectioners sugar
lime-bars	butter
lime-bars	eggs
lime-bars	sugar
lime-bars	salt
lime-bars	lime juice
lime-bars	confectioners sugar
loubia-1	fresh green beans
loubia-1	water
loubia-1	peanut oil
loubia-1	clove garlic
loubia-1	ground cumin
loubia-1	paprika
loubia-1	ground cloves
loubia-1	slivered almonds
mac-and-cheese	bacon
mac-and-cheese	butter
mac-and-cheese	bread crumbs
mac-and-cheese	uncooked elbow macaroni
mac-and-cheese	scallions
mac-and-cheese	Swiss cheese
mandarin-soup	dried straw mushrooms
mandarin-soup	lean pork
mandarin-soup	bamboo shoots
mandarin-soup	fresh bean curd
mandarin-soup	chicken stock
mandarin-soup	salt
mandarin-soup	dark soy sauce
mandarin-soup	cornstarch
mandarin-soup	water
mandarin-soup	egg
mandarin-soup	scallion
mandarin-soup	sesame oil
mango-shake	mango pulp
mango-shake	whole milk
mango-shake	sugar
mango-shake	ice cubes
manicotti-1	crushed tomatoes
manicotti-1	whole tomatoes
manicotti-1	tomato paste
manicotti-1	garlic cloves
manicotti-1	chopped onions
manicotti-1	olive oil
manicotti-1	black pepper
manicotti-1	bay leaves
manicotti-1	basil
manicotti-1	oregano
manicotti-1	tarragon
manicotti-1	thyme
manicotti-1	rosemary
manicotti-1	red pepper flakes
manicotti-1	cayenne pepper 
manicotti-1	parsley
manicotti-1	dry red wine
manicotti-1	chopped parsley
manicotti-1	ricotta
manicotti-1	eggs
manicotti-1	shredded mozzarella
manicotti-1	grated Parmesan cheese
manicotti-1	grated Romano cheese
manicotti-1	black pepper
manicotti-1	garlic clove
manicotti-1	manicotti (12 or so shells)
maple-souffle	powdered sugar
maple-souffle	baking powder
maple-souffle	maple syrup
margarita-1	frozen limeade
margarita-1	vodka
margarita-1	water
margarita-1	ice
matzo-brei	matzot
matzo-brei	eggs
matzo-brei	salt and pepper
matzo-brei	oil or margarine
matzo-brei	cottage cheese
matzo-rolls	matzah meal
matzo-rolls	salt
matzo-rolls	sugar
matzo-rolls	water
matzo-rolls	peanut oil
matzo-rolls	eggs
mayonnaise-1	egg
mayonnaise-1	lemon juice (or vinegar)
mayonnaise-1	oil
meat-curry	medium onion
meat-curry	ginger root
meat-curry	green chilies
meat-curry	whole cloves
meat-curry	garlic cloves
meat-curry	aniseed
meat-curry	caraway seed
meat-curry	fenugreek seed
meat-curry	corriander seed
meat-curry	cumin seed
meat-curry	cinnamon bark
meat-curry	cardamom pods
meat-curry	turmeric
meat-curry	chile powder
meat-curry	tomatoes
meat-curry	salt
meat-curry	corn oil
meat-curry	corn oil
meat-curry	cloves
meat-curry	cardamom pods
meat-curry	cinnamon bark
meat-curry	Basmati rice
meat-curry	turmeric
meat-curry	boiling water
meat-curry	bay leaf
meat-kebabs	lean boneless pork or lamb
meat-kebabs	smooth peanut butter
meat-kebabs	ground coriander
meat-kebabs	salt
meat-kebabs	cayenne pepper
meat-kebabs	ground cumin
meat-kebabs	pepper
meat-kebabs	onions
meat-kebabs	garlic clove
meat-kebabs	lemon juice
meat-kebabs	brown sugar
meat-kebabs	soy sauce
meat-marinade	dry sherry
meat-marinade	light soy sauce
meat-marinade	dark soy sauce
meat-marinade	sugar
meat-marinade	hoisin sauce
meat-marinade	unsweetened pineapple juice
meat-marinade	curry powder
meat-marinade	white pepper
meat-marinade	ginger root
meat-marinade	sirloin tip
meat-marinade	pineapple chunks
meat-pie-1	butter
meat-pie-1	milk
meat-pie-1	yeast cake
meat-pie-1	sugar
meat-pie-1	wheat flour
meat-pie-1	large yellow onion
meat-pie-1	ground meat
meat-pie-1	cooked rice
meat-pie-1	cream
meat-pie-1	egg
meat-pie-1	salt and pepper
meat-pie-2	flour
meat-pie-2	shortening
meat-pie-2	lard
meat-pie-2	scraped suet
meat-pie-2	water
meat-pie-2	coarsely ground beef
meat-pie-2	medium potatoes
meat-pie-2	large onion
meat-pie-2	rutabaga
meat-pie-2	carrot
meat-pie-2	salt and pepper
meat-pie-3	butter
meat-pie-3	white flour
meat-pie-3	self-raising flour
meat-pie-3	ice cold water
meat-pie-3	lamb or beef
meat-pie-3	medium brown onions
meat-pie-3	seasoned flour
meat-pie-3	mushrooms
meat-pie-3	tomatoes
meat-pie-3	capsicum (green pepper)
meat-pie-3	breadcrumbs
meat-pie-3	tomato sauce
meat-pie-4	small fish
meat-pie-4	pork
meat-pie-4	salt
meat-pie-4	allspice
meat-pie-4	water
meat-pie-4	rye flour
meat-pie-4	wheat flour
meat-pie-4	salt
meat-pie-4	yeast
meatballs-1	canned tomatoes
meatballs-1	tomato sauce
meatballs-1	garlic
meatballs-1	parsley
meatballs-1	chili powder
meatballs-1	pork sausage
meatballs-1	parsley
meatballs-1	cracker crumbs
meatballs-1	parmesan cheese
meatballs-1	egg
meatballs-1	pasta
meatballs-2	bread crumbs
meatballs-2	milk
meatballs-2	small onion
meatballs-2	ground meat
meatballs-2	egg
meatballs-2	salt and pepper
meatloaf-1	hamburger
meatloaf-1	egg
meatloaf-1	nutmeg
meatloaf-1	black pepper
meatloaf-1	canned mushroom soup concentrate
meatloaf-1	onion
meatloaf-1	bread crumbs
meatloaf-1	marinara sauce
meatloaf-1	garlic cloves 
meatloaf-1	seasoned salt
meatloaf-1	canned mushroom soup concentrate
meatloaf-1	mushrooms
meatloaf-1	sour cream
meatloaf-1	drippings
meatloaf-2	bread crumbs
meatloaf-2	minced onion
meatloaf-2	garlic powder
meatloaf-2	eggs
meatloaf-2	ground meat
meatloaf-2	horseradish
meatloaf-2	salt
meatloaf-2	milk or water
meatloaf-2	dry mustard
meatloaf-2	catsup
meatmarinade-2	soy sauce (dark)
meatmarinade-2	brown sugar
meatmarinade-2	oil
meatmarinade-2	garlic clove 
melomacarona	olive oil
melomacarona	unsalted butter
melomacarona	beer
melomacarona	ground cinnamon
melomacarona	ground cloves
melomacarona	orange peel
melomacarona	sugar
melomacarona	finely ground semolina
melomacarona	flour
melomacarona	baking soda
melomacarona	baking powder
melomacarona	salt
melomacarona	sugar
melomacarona	honey
melomacarona	water
melomacarona	chopped walnuts
melon-balls-1	melons
melon-balls-1	chicken broth
melon-balls-1	sherry vinegar
melon-balls-1	lemon juice
melon-balls-1	garlic cloves
melon-balls-1	salt
melon-balls-1	black pepper
melon-balls-1	fresh tarragon
melon-balls-1	fresh chervil
melon-balls-1	lemon basil
miss-mud-cake	margarine
miss-mud-cake	cocoa
miss-mud-cake	sugar
miss-mud-cake	eggs
miss-mud-cake	vanilla
miss-mud-cake	flour
miss-mud-cake	salt
miss-mud-cake	chopped peanuts
miss-mud-cake	miniature marshmallows
moroccan-fish	garlic cloves
moroccan-fish	cumin
moroccan-fish	olive oil
moroccan-fish	dried pepper flakes
moroccan-fish	cilantro, chopped
moroccan-fish	juice of 1/2 lemon
moroccan-fish	filets of red snapper
moussaka	large onions
moussaka	olive oil
moussaka	butter
moussaka	minced mushrooms
moussaka	tomatoes
moussaka	tomato paste
moussaka	dry red wine
moussaka	chopped parsley
moussaka	cinnamon
moussaka	finely chopped garlic
moussaka	oregano
moussaka	sugar
moussaka	milk
moussaka	butter
moussaka	flour
moussaka	nutmeg
moussaka	white pepper
moussaka	olive oil
moussaka	eggplant
moussaka	eggs
moussaka	ricotta cheese
moussaka	dry bread crumbs
moussaka	grated kefalotyri or parmesan cheese
mousse-choc-1	butter
mousse-choc-1	flour
mousse-choc-1	egg yolk
mousse-choc-1	vanilla
mousse-choc-1	grated lemon peel
mousse-choc-1	semisweet chocolate
mousse-choc-1	unsweetened chocolate
mousse-choc-1	whole eggs
mousse-choc-1	eggs, separated
mousse-choc-1	whipping cream
mousse-choc-1	powdered (confectioner's) sugar
mousse-choc-2	white chocolate
mousse-choc-2	green creme de menthe
mousse-choc-2	egg whites
mousse-choc-2	heavy cream
mousse-choc-3	semisweet chocolate
mousse-choc-3	bittersweet chocolate
mousse-choc-3	heavy cream
mousse-choc-3	almond extract
mozz-fried	mozzarella cheese
mozz-fried	flour
mozz-fried	large eggs
mozz-fried	bread crumbs
mozz-fried	garlic powder
mozz-fried	oregano
mozz-fried	ground cumin
mozz-fried	salt and pepper
mozz-fried	marinara sauce
mozz-fried	vegetable oil
muesli-1	rolled oats
muesli-1	assorted dried fruit
muesli-1	bran
muesli-1	sesame seeds
muesli-1	nuts
muesli-1	shelled sunflower seeds
muesli-1	banana chips
muesli-bars	rolled oats
muesli-bars	crushed cornflakes
muesli-bars	dessicated coconut
muesli-bars	mixed dried fruit
muesli-bars	full cream milk powder
muesli-bars	butter
muesli-bars	packed brown sugar
muesli-bars	honey
muesli-bars	peanut butter
muffins-1	flour
muffins-1	sugar
muffins-1	baking powder
muffins-1	salt
muffins-1	egg
muffins-1	milk
muffins-1	cooking oil
muffins-1	blueberries
muffins-1	lemon peel
muffins-2	egg
muffins-2	cream
muffins-2	vegetable oil
muffins-2	wheat bran
muffins-2	baking powder
muffins-2	salt
muffins-2	dark molasses
muffins-2	whole wheat flour
muffins-2	rice flour
muffins-2	uncooked oatmeal
muffins-2	chopped nuts
muffins-2	raisins
muffins-2	chopped dates
mushroom-soup	mushrooms
mushroom-soup	milk
mushroom-soup	stock cube
mushroom-soup	butter
mushroom-soup	flour
mushroom-soup	lemon juice
mushroom-soup	salt, white pepper
mushroom-soup2	mushrooms
mushroom-soup2	chopped onion
mushroom-soup2	garlic clove
mushroom-soup2	butter or margarine
mushroom-soup2	flour
mushroom-soup2	milk
mushroom-soup2	dill weed
mushroom-soup2	Hungarian paprika
mushroom-soup2	tamari
mushroom-soup2	black pepper
mushroom-soup2	salt
mushroom-soup2	lemon juice
mushroom-soup2	vegetable stock or water
mushroom-soup2	fresh parsley
mushroom-soup2	sour cream
mushroom-soup3	sliced mushrooms
mushroom-soup3	large onions
mushroom-soup3	French mustard
mushroom-soup3	beef stock
mushroom-soup3	sliced leg ham
mushroom-soup3	evaporated milk
mushroom-soup3	whisky
mushroom-soup3	lemon juice
mushrooms-1	fresh mushrooms
mushrooms-1	butter
mushrooms-1	flour
mushrooms-1	broth
mushrooms-1	sour cream
mushrooms-1	lemon juice
mushrooms-1	garlic powder
mushrooms-1	onion powder
mushrooms-1	nutmeg
mushrooms-1	tarragon
mushrooms-1	curry powder
mushrooms-1	black pepper
mushrooms-1	salt
muskrat-1	muskrats
muskrat-1	bacon
muskrat-1	celery
muskrat-1	onions
muskrat-1	oleo
muskrat-1	cayenne pepper
muskrat-1	salt
muskrat-1	pepper
muskrat-1	canned tomato soup
mustard-greens	mustard greens
mustard-greens	bacon
mustard-greens	yellow onion
mustard-greens	pepper
mustard-greens	vinegar
nanaimo-bars-1	butter or margarine
nanaimo-bars-1	white sugar
nanaimo-bars-1	egg
nanaimo-bars-1	cocoa
nanaimo-bars-1	Graham wafer crumbs
nanaimo-bars-1	coconut
nanaimo-bars-1	chopped nuts
nanaimo-bars-1	butter
nanaimo-bars-1	milk
nanaimo-bars-1	vanilla custard powder
nanaimo-bars-1	sifted icing sugar
nanaimo-bars-1	semisweet chocolate
nanaimo-bars-1	butter
nanaimo-bars-2	butter
nanaimo-bars-2	granulated sugar
nanaimo-bars-2	cocoa
nanaimo-bars-2	egg
nanaimo-bars-2	vanilla
nanaimo-bars-2	fine Graham wafer crumbs
nanaimo-bars-2	desiccated coconut
nanaimo-bars-2	chopped walnuts
nanaimo-bars-2	butter
nanaimo-bars-2	sifted icing sugar
nanaimo-bars-2	egg
nanaimo-bars-2	semi-sweet chocolate
nanaimo-bars-2	butter
noodle-kugel	eggs
noodle-kugel	sugar
noodle-kugel	baking powder
noodle-kugel	vanilla
noodle-kugel	raisins
noodle-kugel	apples
noodle-kugel	wide egg noodles
noodle-kugel	butter
noodle-kugel	cinammon
noodle-kugel-2	butter
noodle-kugel-2	noodles
noodle-kugel-2	eggs
noodle-kugel-2	cottage cheese
noodle-kugel-2	milk
noodle-kugel-2	sugar
noodle-kugel-2	vanilla extract
noodle-kugel-2	crushed pineapple with juice
noodle-kugel-2	cornflake crumbs
noodle-kugel-3	cooked egg noodles
noodle-kugel-3	sour cream
noodle-kugel-3	cream cheese
noodle-kugel-3	sugar
noodle-kugel-3	lemon juice
noodle-kugel-3	butter
noodle-kugel-3	vanilla or to taste
noodle-kugel-3	eggs
noodles-spicy	fresh Chinese noodles
noodles-spicy	scallions
noodles-spicy	chili oil
noodles-spicy	sesame seed oil
noodles-spicy	vinegar
noodles-spicy	sugar
noodles-spicy	salt
noodles-spicy	black pepper
noodles-spicy	MSG
noodles-spicy	fresh red peppers
oat-squares	quick or instant oats
oat-squares	brown sugar (packed)
oat-squares	melted butter
oat-squares	vanilla
oatmeal-bars	shortening
oatmeal-bars	brown sugar
oatmeal-bars	granulated sugar
oatmeal-bars	eggs
oatmeal-bars	vanilla extract
oatmeal-bars	white flour
oatmeal-bars	salt
oatmeal-bars	baking soda
oatmeal-bars	quick-cooking oats
oatmeal-bars	chopped walnuts
oatmeal-bread	uncooked oatmeal
oatmeal-bread	honey
oatmeal-bread	salt
oatmeal-bread	butter
oatmeal-bread	boiling water
oatmeal-bread	active dry yeast
oatmeal-bread	lukewarm water
oatmeal-bread	milk
oatmeal-bread	unbleached flour
oatmeal-bread	oil
oatmeal-cook-1	flour
oatmeal-cook-1	baking powder
oatmeal-cook-1	salt
oatmeal-cook-1	ground cinnamon
oatmeal-cook-1	ground nutmeg
oatmeal-cook-1	butter
oatmeal-cook-1	brown sugar
oatmeal-cook-1	quick cooking oats
oatmeal-cook-1	large eggs
oatmeal-cook-1	vanilla extract
oatmeal-cook-1	almond extract
oatmeal-cook-1	raisins
oatmeal-cook-1	dates
oatmeal-cook-1	pecans
oatmeal-fudge	rolled oats
oatmeal-fudge	vanilla extract
oatmeal-fudge	chopped nuts
oatmeal-fudge	granulated sugar
oatmeal-fudge	cocoa powder
oatmeal-fudge	evaporated milk
oatmeal-fudge	butter
oatmeal-slice	self-raising flour
oatmeal-slice	rolled oats
oatmeal-slice	dessicated coconut
oatmeal-slice	raw sugar
oatmeal-slice	egg
oatmeal-slice	butter
oatmeal-slice	golden syrup
oatmealcakes	whole wheat flour
oatmealcakes	rolled oats
oatmealcakes	baking powder
oatmealcakes	ground cinnamon
oatmealcakes	nutmeg
oatmealcakes	egg
oatmealcakes	honey
oatmealcakes	melted butter
oatmealcakes	milk
oatmealcakes	apple
oatmealcakes	raisins
olive-puffs	sharp cheddar cheese
olive-puffs	soft butter
olive-puffs	flour
olive-puffs	salt
olive-puffs	paprika
olive-puffs	olives
omelet-1	large eggs
omelet-1	smoked haddock
omelet-1	finely grated sharp cheddar
omelet-1	heavy cream
omelet-1	butter
omelet-1	dill
omelet-1	salt and pepper
onion-soup-1	onions
onion-soup-1	beef stock
onion-soup-1	butter
onion-soup-1	salt, pepper
osso-bucco	veal shank
osso-bucco	olive oil
osso-bucco	unsalted butter
osso-bucco	dry white wine
osso-bucco	lemon
osso-bucco	fresh parsley
osso-bucco	flour, salt, and pepper
oyster-soup	butter
oyster-soup	shallots
oyster-soup	thyme
oyster-soup	bay leaf
oyster-soup	cayenne pepper
oyster-soup	flour
oyster-soup	chicken broth
oyster-soup	oysters
oyster-soup	cooked artichoke hearts
oyster-soup	salt
oyster-soup	tabasco sauce
oyster-soup	whipping cream
oyster-soup	parsley
pancake-mix	buttermilk powder
pancake-mix	all-purpose flour
pancake-mix	granulated sugar
pancake-mix	baking powder
pancake-mix	baking soda
pancake-mix	salt
pancake-mix	egg
pancake-mix	vegetable oil
pancake-mix	water
pancake-mix	buttermilk pancake mix
pancakes-2	all-purpose flour
pancakes-2	salt
pancakes-2	sugar
pancakes-2	baking powder
pancakes-2	vanilla essence
pancakes-2	eggs
pancakes-2	butter
pancakes-2	milk
patatas-pobres	olive oil
patatas-pobres	medium potatoes
patatas-pobres	salt
patatas-pobres	garlic, minced
patatas-pobres	minced parsley
pate-1	fresh mushrooms
pate-1	bacon
pate-1	onion
pate-1	celery
pate-1	cream cheese
pate-1	eggs
pate-1	parsley
pate-1	dry bread crumbs
pate-1	salt
pate-1	dried rosemary
pate-1	dried oregano
pate-1	ground black pepper
pavlova-1	egg whites
pavlova-1	castor sugar
pavlova-1	vinegar
pavlova-1	cornflour
pavlova-2	egg whites
pavlova-2	castor sugar
pavlova-2	cornflour
pavlova-2	vinegar
pavlova-2	vanilla flavour
pbutter-fudge	smooth natural peanut butter
pbutter-fudge	powdered sugar
pbutter-fudge	butter
pbutter-fudge	vanilla extract
pbutter-fudge	semi-sweet chocolate
pea-soup-1	split peas
pea-soup-1	bacon
pea-soup-1	butter
pea-soup-1	celery stalks
pea-soup-1	yellow onion
pea-soup-1	instant mashed potato flakes
pea-soup-1	minced garlic cloves
pea-soup-1	parsley
pea-soup-1	beef broth
pea-soup-1	bay leaf
pea-soup-1	peppercorns
pea-soup-1	green cardamom seeds
pea-soup-1	good cognac
pea-soup-1	Chinese hot pepper oil
peach-bbq	pork spareribs
peach-bbq	salt
peach-bbq	peaches
peach-bbq	ketchup
peach-bbq	worcestershire sauce
peach-bbq	onions
peach-bbq	flour
peach-bbq	prepared mustard
peach-bbq	cloves
peach-bbq	pepper
peanut-noodles	fresh chinese-style noodles
peanut-noodles	garlic chili paste
peanut-noodles	good peanut butter
peanut-noodles	nam pla
peanut-noodles	water
peanut-noodles	chopped scallions
peanut-sauce-1	garlic powder
peanut-sauce-1	onion powder
peanut-sauce-1	water
peanut-sauce-1	oil
peanut-sauce-1	onion
peanut-sauce-1	chili pepper
peanut-sauce-1	peanut butter
peanut-sauce-1	soy sauce
peanut-sauce-1	soy and rice tempeh
peanut-sauce-1	boneless chicken breasts
peanut-sauce-1	tofu
pear-mice	pear halves
pear-mice	blanched almonds
pear-mice	angelica
pecan-pie-1	eggs
pecan-pie-1	dark corn syrup
pecan-pie-1	sugar
pecan-pie-1	butter
pecan-pie-1	vanilla extract
pecan-pie-1	pecans
pecan-pie-1	unbaked pastry shell
pecan-pralines	milk
pecan-pralines	white granulated sugar
pecan-pralines	dark brown sugar
pecan-pralines	vanilla extract
pecan-pralines	dark corn syrup
pecan-pralines	pecan halves
pecan-pralines	boiling hot water
pecan-pralines	cupcake papers
pecan-tarts-1	cream cheese
pecan-tarts-1	butter or margarine
pecan-tarts-1	all-purpose flour
pecan-tarts-1	brown sugar
pecan-tarts-1	vanilla
pecan-tarts-1	chopped pecans
pecan-tarts-1	eggs
pecan-tarts-1	melted butter or margarine
pecan-wildrice	chicken broth
pecan-wildrice	wild rice
pecan-wildrice	wheat pilaf
pecan-wildrice	pecan halves
pecan-wildrice	dried currants
pecan-wildrice	scallions
pecan-wildrice	Italian parsley
pecan-wildrice	fresh mint leaves
pecan-wildrice	grated zest of 2 oranges
pecan-wildrice	olive oil
pecan-wildrice	orange juice
pecan-wildrice	freshly ground black pepper
pecn-pmpkn-pie	uncooked flaky pastry pie shell
pecn-pmpkn-pie	pumpkin
pecn-pmpkn-pie	packed light brown sugar
pecn-pmpkn-pie	sour cream
pecn-pmpkn-pie	cinnamon
pecn-pmpkn-pie	grated nutmeg
pecn-pmpkn-pie	light corn syrup
pecn-pmpkn-pie	packed light brown sugar
pecn-pmpkn-pie	large eggs
pecn-pmpkn-pie	melted unsalted butter
pecn-pmpkn-pie	vanilla
pecn-pmpkn-pie	grated lemon rind
pecn-pmpkn-pie	lemon juice
pecn-pmpkn-pie	salt
pecn-pmpkn-pie	pecans
pepper-roast	fresh red peppers
pepper-roast	lemon juice
pepper-roast	salt
persim-pudding	persimmon pulp
persim-pudding	milk
persim-pudding	butter
persim-pudding	vanilla extract
persim-pudding	regular all-purpose flour
persim-pudding	sugar
persim-pudding	baking soda
persim-pudding	salt
persim-pudding	cinnamon
persim-pudding	golden raisins
persim-pudding	chopped walnuts
pheasant-2	hen pheasant
pheasant-2	onion
pheasant-2	bay leaf
pheasant-2	peppercorns
pheasant-2	small carrot
pheasant-2	stalk celery
pheasant-2	salt
pheasant-2	butter
pheasant-2	powdered thyme
pheasant-2	rosemary
pheasant-2	chopped mushrooms
pheasant-2	flour
pheasant-2	black walnut meats
pheasant-perry	pheasant
pheasant-perry	bay leaf
pheasant-perry	whole cloves
pheasant-perry	clove of garlic
pheasant-perry	parsley
pheasant-perry	celery leaves
pheasant-perry	lemon
pheasant-perry	juniper berries
pheasant-perry	tangerine
pheasant-perry	port
pheasant-perry	larding pork
pheasant-perry	onion slices
pheasant-perry	mushroom peelings
pheasant-perry	chicken stock
pheasant-perry	peppercorns
pheasant-perry	Mandarine Napoleon
pheasant-perry	sour cream
picadillo	olive or vegetable oil
picadillo	lean ground beef
picadillo	large onion
picadillo	garlic clove
picadillo	medium tomatoes
picadillo	tart cooking apples
picadillo	jalapeno chili
picadillo	raisins
picadillo	pimento-stuffed olives
picadillo	oregano
picadillo	thyme
picadillo	salt
picadillo	pepper
picadillo	butter
picadillo	slivered almonds
pita-seafood	scallops or shrimp
pita-seafood	olive oil
pita-seafood	medium onion
pita-seafood	garlic cloves
pita-seafood	vegetable
pita-seafood	mushrooms
pita-seafood	salt, pepper and spices
pita-seafood	cooked couscous
pita-seafood	pita bread
pizza-dough-1	flour
pizza-dough-1	active dry yeast
pizza-dough-1	sugar
pizza-dough-1	salt
pizza-dough-1	water
pizza-rustica	ricotta cheese
pizza-rustica	large eggs
pizza-rustica	mozzarella cheese
pizza-rustica	romano cheese
pizza-rustica	fresh parsley
pizza-rustica	dried mint leaves
pizza-rustica	black pepper
pizza-rustica	salt
pizza-rustica	Italian sausage
pizza-rustica	Italian dry salami
pizza-rustica	prosciutto
pizza-rustica	pizza dough
pizza-rustica	flour
pizza-rustica	egg
playdough	flour
playdough	salt
playdough	cream of tartar
playdough	water
playdough	mineral oil
playdough	food coloring
plum-casserole	cubed beef
plum-casserole	plum jam
plum-casserole	tomato sauce
plum-casserole	Worcestershire sauce
plum-casserole	flour
poncit	cooking oil
poncit	cloves garlic
poncit	onion
poncit	boiled meat
poncit	large carrot,
poncit	small cabbage
poncit	soy sauce
poncit	broth
poncit	celery
poncit	rice sticks or wheat noodles
poncit	salt
poncit	MSG
poncit	spring onion
pond-popovers	large eggs
pond-popovers	whole milk
pond-popovers	all-purpose flour
pond-popovers	salt
pond-popovers	baking soda
poppycake	butter or margarine
poppycake	sugar
poppycake	flour
poppycake	baking soda
poppycake	baking powder
poppycake	buttermilk
poppycake	poppy seeds
poppycake	almond extract
poppycake	eggs
poppycake	brown sugar
poppycake	cinnamon
pork-braise-1	pork
pork-braise-1	onion
pork-braise-1	crushed red peppers
pork-braise-1	garlic cloves
pork-braise-1	lime juice
pork-braise-1	soy sauce
pork-braise-1	brown sugar
pork-chops-1	pork loin chops
pork-chops-1	condensed tomato soup
pork-chops-1	green pepper
pork-chops-1	onion
pork-chops-1	bay leaf
pork-chops-1	oil for frying
pork-chops-1	salt and pepper
pork-chops-2	pork chops
pork-chops-2	shortening or oil
pork-chops-2	onion slices
pork-chops-2	peanut butter
pork-chops-2	condensed mushroom soup
pork-chops-2	milk
pork-chops-2	Worcestershire sauce
pork-chops-2	salt
pork-chops-2	black pepper
pork-in-milk	pork loin roast
pork-in-milk	butter
pork-in-milk	olive oil
pork-in-milk	salt
pork-in-milk	black pepper
pork-in-milk	milk
pork-in-milk	warm water
potato-pancake	potatoes
potato-pancake	onions
potato-pancake	egg
potato-pancake	flour
potato-pancake	salt
potato-pancake	oil
potato-paprksh	cooking oil
potato-paprksh	onions
potato-paprksh	garlic
potato-paprksh	caraway seeds
potato-paprksh	paprika
potato-paprksh	water
potato-paprksh	potatoes
potato-paprksh	green peppers
potato-paprksh	tomatoes
potato-paprksh	salt
potato-pie-1	bacon
potato-pie-1	onion
potato-pie-1	baking potatoes
potato-pie-1	cheddar cheese
potato-pie-1	eggs
potstickers	all-purpose flour
potstickers	water
potstickers	ground pork
potstickers	small Chinese (Napa) cabbage
potstickers	green onion
potstickers	thumb-sized slices fresh ginger
potstickers	water chestnuts
potstickers	salt
potstickers	sugar
potstickers	white pepper
potstickers	sesame oil
potstickers	vegetable oil
potstickers	water
potstickers	hot chili oil
potstickers	red rice vinegar
potstickers	soy sauce
pound-cake-1	butter
pound-cake-1	powdered sugar
pound-cake-1	grated orange rind
pound-cake-1	large eggs
pound-cake-1	sifted all purpose flour
pound-cake-1	mace
pound-cake-1	salt
pound-cake-1	orange juice
pound-cake-1	apricot jam
pound-cake-1	shredded orange peel
pound-cake-2	butter
pound-cake-2	granulated sugar
pound-cake-2	cream cheese
pound-cake-2	eggs
pound-cake-2	cake flour
pound-cake-2	salt
pound-cake-2	almond extract
pound-cake-2	vanilla extract
pozole	pork shoulder
pozole	white hominy
pozole	garlic cloves
pozole	chili powder
pozole	salt
prinz-torte	salted butter
prinz-torte	sugar
prinz-torte	vanilla extract
prinz-torte	eggs
prinz-torte	cake flour
prinz-torte	cornstarch
prinz-torte	baking powder
prinz-torte	chocolate pudding
prinz-torte	unsalted butter
prinz-torte	powdered 10X sugar
prinz-torte	bitter cocoa powder
prinz-torte	melted sweet butter
prinz-torte	boiling water
pumpkin-bread	granulated sugar
pumpkin-bread	all-purpose flour
pumpkin-bread	salt
pumpkin-bread	baking soda
pumpkin-bread	cinnamon
pumpkin-bread	nutmeg
pumpkin-bread	large eggs
pumpkin-bread	vegetable oil
pumpkin-bread	cooked pumpkin
pumpkin-bread	water
pumpkin-bread	chopped walnuts
pumpkin-bread	cream cheese
pumpkin-cake	graham cracker crumbs
pumpkin-cake	walnuts
pumpkin-cake	sugar
pumpkin-cake	pumpkin pie spice mixture
pumpkin-cake	pumpkin pie spice mixture
pumpkin-cake	butter
pumpkin-cake	creamed cottage cheese
pumpkin-cake	large eggs
pumpkin-cake	cream cheese
pumpkin-cake	sugar
pumpkin-cake	flour
pumpkin-cake	orange rind
pumpkin-cake	salt
pumpkin-cake	cooked pumpkin
pumpkin-cake	sour cream
pumpkin-cake	orange marmalade
pumpkin-cake	orange slices
pumpkin-cake-2	granulated sugar
pumpkin-cake-2	eggs
pumpkin-cake-2	pumpkin
pumpkin-cake-2	cinnamon
pumpkin-cake-2	ginger
pumpkin-cake-2	ground cloves
pumpkin-cake-2	salt
pumpkin-cake-2	evaporated milk
pumpkin-cake-2	yellow cake mix
pumpkin-cake-2	chopped nuts
pumpkin-cake-2	sweet butter
pumpkin-cake-2	whipped cream
pumpkin-cake-3	flour
pumpkin-cake-3	sugar
pumpkin-cake-3	vanilla
pumpkin-cake-3	egg yolk
pumpkin-cake-3	butter
pumpkin-cake-3	packaged cream cheese
pumpkin-cake-3	packed light brown sugar
pumpkin-cake-3	sugar
pumpkin-cake-3	flour
pumpkin-cake-3	ground allspice
pumpkin-cake-3	ground ginger
pumpkin-cake-3	ground cinnamon
pumpkin-cake-3	canned pumpkin
pumpkin-cake-3	egg yolks
pumpkin-cake-3	eggs
pumpkin-cake-3	vanilla extract
pumpkin-cake-3	heavy cream
pumpkin-pie-2	deep dish unbaked pie crust
pumpkin-pie-2	eggs
pumpkin-pie-2	dark corn syrup
pumpkin-pie-2	sugar
pumpkin-pie-2	melted butter
pumpkin-pie-2	pumpkin
pumpkin-pie-2	vanilla
pumpkin-pie-2	pecan halves
pumpkin-pie-3	butter
pumpkin-pie-3	pumpkin
pumpkin-pie-3	eggs
pumpkin-pie-3	flour
pumpkin-pie-3	evaporated milk
pumpkin-pie-3	dark brown sugar
pumpkin-pie-3	white sugar
pumpkin-pie-3	ginger
pumpkin-pie-3	cinnamon
pumpkin-pie-3	mace
pumpkin-pie-3	cloves
pumpkin-pie-3	salt
pumpkin-pie-3	standard uncooked pie shell
pumpkin-scones	butter
pumpkin-scones	sugar
pumpkin-scones	egg
pumpkin-scones	cold mashed cooked pumpkin
pumpkin-scones	self raising flour
pumpkin-scones	salt
quiche-mexican	quiche shell
quiche-mexican	large shrimp
quiche-mexican	chopped green chilies
quiche-mexican	colby cheese
quiche-mexican	Monterey Jack cheese
quiche-mexican	light cream
quiche-mexican	eggs
quiche-mexican	chives
quiche-mexican	sour cream
quiche-mexican	salsa
quick-cobbler	butter
quick-cobbler	sugar
quick-cobbler	milk
quick-cobbler	flour
quick-cobbler	baking powder
quick-cobbler	tart cherries
quick-cobbler	sugar
rainbow-soup	chicken broth
rainbow-soup	medium onion
rainbow-soup	cooked rice
rainbow-soup	bell peppers
rainbow-soup	savory
rainbow-soup	chives
rainbow-soup	egg yolks
rainbow-soup	lemon juice
rainbow-soup	salt and pepper
red-pork	pork shoulder
red-pork	water
red-pork	dry sherry or Shaoxing wine
red-pork	dark soy sauce
red-pork	Chinese yellow rock sugar
red-pork	salt
red-pork	star anise cloves
red-pork	cinnamon stick
red-pork	small dried chili peppers
red-pork	pieces dried tangerine peel
red-pork	garlic cloves
red-pork	thick slices ginger
red-pork	whole scallion
red-pork	bunches spinach
redfish-rasta	dried tamarind
redfish-rasta	boiling water
redfish-rasta	unripe mangos
redfish-rasta	malt vinegar
redfish-rasta	sugar
redfish-rasta	raisins
redfish-rasta	ginger root
redfish-rasta	garlic
redfish-rasta	fresh hot chilies
redfish-rasta	ground allspice
redfish-rasta	salt
relish-1	eggplant
relish-1	egg
relish-1	green pepper
relish-1	onion
relish-1	oil
relish-1	vinegar
relish-1	garlic
relish-1	salt
relish-1	pepper
relish-1	sugar
relleno-cass	large eggs
relleno-cass	jack cheese
relleno-cass	longhorn cheese
relleno-cass	whole green chilies
rhubarb-fool	rhubarb
rhubarb-fool	soft brown sugar
rhubarb-fool	preserved ginger
rhubarb-fool	large bananas
rhubarb-fool	egg whites
rhubarb-fool	castor sugar
rhubarb-fool	quark (soft cheese)
rice-bean-bake	cooked pink beans
rice-bean-bake	cooked brown rice
rice-bean-bake	tomato paste
rice-bean-bake	lowfat cottage cheese
rice-bean-bake	chopped onion
rice-bean-bake	milk
rice-bean-bake	wheat germ
rice-bean-bake	chopped parsley
rice-bean-bake	garlic
rice-bean-bake	tamari soy sauce
rice-bean-bake	ground nutmeg
rice-bean-bake	basil
rice-bean-bake	sesame seeds
rice-gumbo	white rice
rice-gumbo	chicken stock
rice-gumbo	onions
rice-gumbo	celery
rice-gumbo	green bell pepper
rice-gumbo	unsalted butter
rice-gumbo	salt
rice-gumbo	garlic powder
rice-gumbo	white pepper, cayenne and black pepper
rlz-rum-balls	crushed vanilla wafers
rlz-rum-balls	crushed walnuts
rlz-rum-balls	cocoa
rlz-rum-balls	dark corn syrup
rlz-rum-balls	rum
rlz-rum-balls	powdered sugar
rocket-salad	sugar
rocket-salad	salt
rocket-salad	paprika
rocket-salad	dry mustard
rocket-salad	pepper
rocket-salad	garlic powder
rocket-salad	vinegar
rocket-salad	vegetable oil
rolled-cookies	brown sugar
rolled-cookies	salt
rolled-cookies	soft butter
rolled-cookies	egg
rolled-cookies	vanilla
rolled-cookies	flour
rolled-cookies	baking powder
rolled-cookies	baking soda
rolled-cookies	cinnamon
rolled-cookies	confectioners sugar
rolled-cookies	egg white
rolled-cookies	melted butter
rolled-cookies	salt
rolled-cookies	vanilla
rolled-cookies	food coloring 
rum-balls	vanilla wafers
rum-balls	powered sugar
rum-balls	chopped nuts
rum-balls	cocoa powder
rum-balls	white corn syrup
rum-balls	rum or bourbon
rum-balls-2	semi-sweet chocolate
rum-balls-2	whipping cream
rum-balls-2	rum
rum-balls-2	icing sugar, sifted
rum-balls-2	chocolate vermicelli
rum-toddy	dark brown sugar
rum-toddy	salted butter
rum-toddy	ground nutmeg
rum-toddy	ground cinnamon
rum-toddy	ground cloves
rum-toddy	ground white cardamom
rum-toddy	top-quality dark rum
sabbath-stew	meat
sabbath-stew	meat bones
sabbath-stew	potatoes
sabbath-stew	barley
sabbath-stew	red beans
sabbath-stew	lima beans
sabbath-stew	small onions
sabbath-stew	carrots
sabbath-stew	water
sabbath-stew	salt
sabbath-stew	seasoning
sagh	raw spinach
sagh	butter
sagh	water
sagh	ground ginger
sagh	sugar
sagh	salt
salad-mexican	boneless chicken
salad-mexican	kidney beans
salad-mexican	salt
salad-mexican	chili powder
salad-mexican	medium onion
salad-mexican	medium tomatoes
salad-mexican	lettuce
salad-mexican	cheddar cheese
salad-mexican	thousand island dressing
salad-mexican	picante sauce
salad-mexican	large avocado
salad-mexican	corn tortilla chips
salmon-patties	canned salmon
salmon-patties	salt
salmon-patties	small onion
salmon-patties	bread crumbs
salmon-patties	eggs
salmon-patties	lemon juice
salmon-pie	flour
salmon-pie	grated parmesan cheese
salmon-pie	shortening
salmon-pie	water
salmon-pie	canned salmon
salmon-pie	large onion
salmon-pie	garlic clove
salmon-pie	butter
salmon-pie	sour cream
salmon-pie	eggs
salmon-pie	gruyere cheese
salmon-pie	dill weed
salmon-pie	salt
salmon-spinach	salmon
salmon-spinach	fresh spinach
salmon-spinach	eggs
salmon-spinach	condensed mushroom soup
salmon-spinach	cornflakes
salmon-spinach	all-purpose flour
salmon-spinach	grated fresh onion
salmon-teno	salmon, per person
salmon-teno	water, butter, salt
salsa-1	scallions
salsa-1	fresh lemon juice
salsa-1	cilantro
salsa-1	garlic cloves
salsa-1	basil leaves
salsa-1	ripe plum tomatoes
salsa-1	purple onion
salsa-1	ginger root
salsa-1	Balsamic vinegar
salsa-1	olive oil
salsa-1	salt and white pepper
sambal-bajak	fresh red hot chilies
sambal-bajak	large onion
sambal-bajak	cloves garlic
sambal-bajak	kemiri nuts
sambal-bajak	peanut oil
sambal-bajak	laos powder
sambal-bajak	trasi
sambal-bajak	salt
sambal-bajak	tamarind liquid
sambal-bajak	sugar
sambal-lilang	medium onion
sambal-lilang	small ripe tomato
sambal-lilang	fresh basil
sambal-lilang	small fresh hot red chili
sambal-lilang	small fresh hot green chili
sambal-lilang	fresh lime juice
sambal-lilang	lime rind
sardine-fry	cans of sardines
sardine-fry	small onion
sardine-fry	green pepper
sardine-fry	tomatoes
sardine-fry	garlic clove
sardine-fry	salt and pepper
sardine-fry	cooking oil
sardine-fry	uncooked white rice
sardine-fry	water
satay-1	beef, chicken, or mutton
satay-1	castor sugar
satay-1	ground peanuts
satay-1	lemon grass
satay-1	cumin
satay-1	salt
satay-1	large onions
satay-1	garlic
satay-1	turmeric
satay-1	 coriander
satay-1	lengkuas
satay-1	vegetable oil
satay-1	water
satay-1	peanuts
satay-1	garlic
satay-1	lemon grass
satay-1	sesame seeds
satay-1	dried ground chili pepper
satay-1	dried shrimp paste
satay-1	large onions
satay-1	tamarind
satay-1	sugar
satay-1	lengkuas
satay-1	salt
satay-1	coconut milk
sausage-balls	bulk hot sausage
sausage-balls	biscuit mix
sausage-balls	sharp cheddar cheese
saute-sweepto	large sweet potatoes
saute-sweepto	butter
saute-sweepto	tequila
saute-sweepto	lime juice
saute-sweepto	sugar
scallops-1	scallops
scallops-1	snow peas
scallops-1	white wine
scallops-1	nam pla
scallops-1	garlic cloves
scallops-1	fresh ginger
scallops-1	butter
scallops-1	lime juice
scallops-1	freshly ground pepper
scrapple-1	chicken broth
scrapple-1	cornmeal
scrapple-1	flour
scrapple-1	salt
scrapple-1	sage
scrapple-1	thyme
scrapple-1	cayenne
scrapple-1	chicken parts
scrapple-1	onion
scrapple-1	peppercorns
scrapple-2	pork ribs
scrapple-2	salt
scrapple-2	bay leaf
scrapple-2	thyme leaves
scrapple-2	whole cloves
scrapple-2	yellow onions
scrapple-2	corn meal
scrapple-2	cayenne
scrapple-2	sage leaves
scrapple-2	pork liver
scrapple-2	garlic cloves
scrapple-2	butter
senate-soup	dried Navy beans
senate-soup	ham bone
senate-soup	water
senate-soup	medium onions
senate-soup	fresh garlic
senate-soup	celery stalks
senate-soup	fresh parsley
senate-soup	mashed potatoes
senate-soup	salt
senate-soup	pepper
senate-soup	chopped fresh chives
sesame-beef	rice wine
sesame-beef	sugar
sesame-beef	cornstarch
sesame-beef	baking powder
sesame-beef	sesame oil
sesame-beef	soy sauce
sesame-beef	sesame seeds
sesame-beef	hot bean paste
sesame-beef	hoisin sauce
sesame-beef	oyster sauce
sesame-beef	minced ginger
sesame-beef	beef tenderloin flank
sesame-beef	lettuce leaves
sesame-beef	peanut oil
seviche	turbot fish
seviche	onion
seviche	tomatoes
seviche	avocado
seviche	small green olives
seviche	olive oil
seviche	chopped parsley
seviche	lime juice
seviche	serrano chile
seviche	ketchup
seviche	white wine
seviche	jalapeno chilies
seviche	capers
sherbet-punch	sherbet
sherbet-punch	ginger ale
shortbread-1	butter
shortbread-1	margarine
shortbread-1	soft brown sugar
shortbread-1	plain flour
shortbread-1	flaked almonds
shortbread-1	small egg
shortbread-2	soft butter
shortbread-2	flour
shortbread-2	corn starch
shortbread-2	icing sugar
shortbread-2	vanilla
shortbread-3	butter
shortbread-3	brown sugar
shortbread-3	flour
shrimp-bacon	large shrimp
shrimp-bacon	low moisture mozzarella
shrimp-bacon	bacon
shrimp-soup	medium onion
shrimp-soup	large carrot
shrimp-soup	butter
shrimp-soup	hot meat broth
shrimp-soup	savory
shrimp-soup	tarragon
shrimp-soup	peas
shrimp-soup	shrimp
shrimp-soup	dry white wine
shrimp-soup	cream
shrimp-soup	champagne
shu-mei	ground turkey
shu-mei	corn starch (cornflour)
shu-mei	dry sherry
shu-mei	light soy sauce
shu-mei	ginger
shu-mei	cloves garlic
shu-mei	green onions
shu-mei	brown sugar
shu-mei	sesame oil
shu-mei	wonton wrappers
shu-mei	peanut oil
shu-mei	fish sauce
shu-mei	vinegar
shu-mei	sugar
shu-mei	cloves garlic
shu-mei	ginger
shu-mei	red pepper
sloppy-joes	ground beef
sloppy-joes	onion
sloppy-joes	catsup
sloppy-joes	vinegar
sloppy-joes	sugar
sloppy-joes	mustard
sloppy-joes	Worcestershire sauce
sloppy-joes	celery seed
sloppy-joes	salt and pepper
snail-pizza	French bread dough
snail-pizza	small French snails
snail-pizza	dried chanterelle mushrooms
snail-pizza	raclette cheese
snail-pizza	tomato sauce
snail-pizza	fresh garlic
snail-pizza	fresh parsley
snail-pizza	butter
snobol-cookies	all-purpose flour
snobol-cookies	salt
snobol-cookies	softened butter or margarine
snobol-cookies	sugar
snobol-cookies	egg
snobol-cookies	vanilla extract
snobol-cookies	chopped walnuts
snobol-cookies	confectioner's sugar
snowball-2	vegetable oil
snowball-2	granulated sugar
snowball-2	unsweetened chocolate
snowball-2	eggs
snowball-2	vanilla
snowball-2	baking powder
snowball-2	flour
snowball-2	powdered sugar
soap	suet
soap	lye
soap	water
soap	lemon juice
soap	volatile fragrance oil
soda-bread	white flour (unbleached)
soda-bread	buttermilk
soda-bread	salt
soda-bread	baking powder
soda-bread	baking soda
soda-bread	currants
soda-bread	butter or oil
soup-aztec	consomme
soup-aztec	cream of tomato soup
soup-aztec	green chilies
soup-aztec	corn tortilla chips
soup-aztec	Monterey Jack cheese
sour-french	sourdough starter
sour-french	milk
sour-french	sugar
sour-french	salt
sour-french	shortening
sour-french	flour
sour-pickles-1	small cucumbers
sour-pickles-1	sugar
sour-pickles-1	canning/pickling salt
sour-pickles-1	dry mustard
sour-pickles-1	alum
sour-pickles-1	cider vinegar
sour-pickles-1	water
sour-start	warm water
sour-start	flour
sour-start	active dry yeast
sourdough-cake	cake starter
sourdough-cake	normal milk
sourdough-cake	self-raising flour
sourdough-cake	sugar
sourdough-cake	self-raising flour
sourdough-cake	sugar
sourdough-cake	oil
sourdough-cake	cinnamon
sourdough-cake	vanilla
sourdough-cake	eggs
sourdough-cake	raisins
sourdough-cake	nuts
sourdough-cake	pineapple chunks
sourmilk-cake	sifted flour
sourmilk-cake	sugar
sourmilk-cake	baking cocoa
sourmilk-cake	baking soda
sourmilk-cake	salt
sourmilk-cake	egg
sourmilk-cake	butter or margarine
sourmilk-cake	sour milk
sourmilk-cake	hot water
sourmilk-cake	vanilla
spag-squash	medium spaghetti squash
spag-squash	garlic clove
spag-squash	medium onion
spag-squash	parsley
spag-squash	basil
spag-squash	ground clove
spag-squash	chicken broth
spag-squash	chicken breast
spag-squash	butter
spag-squash	shallots or scallions
spag-squash	mushrooms
spag-squash	flour
spag-squash	whipping cream
spag-squash	dry vermouth
spag-squash	lemon juice
spag-squash	grated parmesan cheese
spag-squash	hot sauce 
spag-squash	ground pepper and salt
spagh-clam-1	cloves garlic
spagh-clam-1	clarified butter
spagh-clam-1	canned clams with juice
spagh-clam-1	tomato paste
spagh-clam-1	canned tomatoes
spagh-clam-1	parsley
spagh-clam-1	oregano
spagh-clam-1	salt
spagh-clam-1	spaghetti
spagh-clam-1	cooking oil
spagh-clam-1	parmesan cheese
spagh-sauce-1	Italian sausage
spagh-sauce-1	medium onions
spagh-sauce-1	mushrooms
spagh-sauce-1	small eggplant
spagh-sauce-1	small green pepper
spagh-sauce-1	medium tomato
spagh-sauce-1	tomato sauce
spagh-sauce-1	salt, pepper, oregano
spagh-sauce-2	olive oil
spagh-sauce-2	garlic clove
spagh-sauce-2	small onion
spagh-sauce-2	crushed tomatoes
spagh-sauce-2	tomato paste
spagh-sauce-2	water
spagh-sauce-2	dried basil
spagh-sauce-2	black pepper
spagh-sauce-2	salt
spagh-sauce-2	oregano
spagh-sauce-3	tomato paste
spagh-sauce-3	tomato sauce
spagh-sauce-3	tomato puree
spagh-sauce-3	crushed tomatoes
spagh-sauce-3	garlic cloves
spagh-sauce-3	large bay leaf
spagh-sauce-3	sugar
spagh-sauce-3	ground black pepper
spagh-sauce-3	oregano
spagh-sauce-3	thyme
spagh-sauce-3	coriander
spagh-sauce-3	cilantro
spagh-sauce-3	rubbed sage
spagh-sauce-3	parsley
spagh-sauce-3	basil
spagh-sauce-3	crushed red pepper
spagh-sauce-3	medium onion
spagh-sauce-3	olive oil
spagh-sauce-3	sesame oil
spagh-sauce-3	sweet Italian sausage
spagh-sauce-3	lean ground beef
spagh-sauce-3	Worcestershire sauce
spagh-sauce-3	sesame oil
spagh-sauce-3	olive oil
spagh-sauce-3	bread crumbs
spagh-sauce-3	sage
spagh-sauce-3	rosemary
spagh-sauce-3	thyme
spagh-sauce-3	basil
spagh-sauce-3	sherry
spanakopita	fresh spinach
spanakopita	filo dough
spanakopita	feta cheese
spanakopita	eggs
spanakopita	onion
spanakopita-2	fillo dough
spanakopita-2	olive oil
spanakopita-2	spinach
spanakopita-2	unsalted butter
spanakopita-2	medium onion
spanakopita-2	leeks
spanakopita-2	feta cheese
spanakopita-2	eggs
spanakopita-2	breadcrumbs
spanakopita-2	milk
spanakopita-2	salt
spanakopita-2	pepper
spanish-cocoa	unsweetened powdered cocoa
spanish-cocoa	sugar
spanish-cocoa	cornstarch
spanish-cocoa	water
spanish-cocoa	milk
spanish-cream	milk
spanish-cream	gelatine
spanish-cream	eggs
spanish-cream	vanilla essence
spanish-cream	sugar
spinach-balls	frozen spinach
spinach-balls	herb stuffing mix
spinach-balls	parmesan cheese
spinach-balls	garlic
spinach-balls	medium onion
spinach-balls	eggs
spinach-balls	butter
spinach-cass	spinach
spinach-cass	butter or margarine
spinach-cass	small onion
spinach-cass	flour
spinach-cass	plain yogurt
spinach-cass	cheddar or parmesan cheese
spinach-cass	salt
spinach-cass	pepper
spinach-curry	fresh spinach
spinach-curry	fresh ricotta cheese
spinach-curry	medium brown onions
spinach-curry	fresh ginger
spinach-curry	medium tomato
spinach-curry	cummin seeds
spinach-curry	turmeric
spinach-curry	red chile powder
spinach-curry	cloves
spinach-curry	nutmeg
spinach-curry	mace
spinach-curry	ghee
spinach-curry	salt
spinach-dip	sour cream
spinach-dip	mayonnaise
spinach-dip	water chestnuts
spinach-dip	green onions
spinach-dip	cooked spinach
spinach-dip	Knorr dry vegetable soup mix
spinach-dip-2	cooked spinach
spinach-dip-2	dried leek soupmix
spinach-dip-2	sour cream
spinach-dip-2	mayonnaise
spinach-dip-2	scallion
spinach-pastry	chopped spinach
spinach-pastry	cottage or ricotta cheese
spinach-pastry	feta cheese
spinach-pastry	grated parmesan or romano cheese
spinach-pastry	chopped scallions
spinach-pastry	large eggs
spinach-pastry	butter
spinach-pastry	salt
spinach-pastry	pepper
spinach-pastry	puff pastry
spinach-pie	skim-milk ricotta cheese
spinach-pie	Gruyere cheese
spinach-pie	egg
spinach-pie	cooked spinach
spinach-pie	small zucchini
spinach-pie	yellow onion
spinach-pie	large mushrooms
spinach-pie	Danish-style ham
spinach-pie	butter
spinach-pie	nutmeg, salt, and white pepper
spinach-pie	olive oil
spinach-roll-1	cooked spinach
spinach-roll-1	ricotta cheese
spinach-roll-1	fresh parsley
spinach-roll-1	egg whites
spinach-roll-1	all-purpose flour
spinach-roll-1	water
spinach-roll-1	Parmesan cheese
spinach-roll-1	marinara sauce
spinach-roll-1	olive oil
spinach-salad	sugar
spinach-salad	egg
spinach-salad	salt
spinach-salad	white vinegar
spinach-salad	white onion
spinach-salad	dry mustard
spinach-salad	worchestershire sauce
spinach-salad	spinach
spinach-salad	bacon
spinach-salad	hard boiled eggs
spinach-salad	water chestnuts
spinach-salad	sunflower seeds
spinach-salad	mushrooms
spinach-salad	bean sprouts
spinach-soup	fresh spinach
spinach-soup	medium onion
spinach-soup	celery
spinach-soup	butter
spinach-soup	flour
spinach-soup	chicken broth
spinach-soup	cream
spinach-soup	medium sherry
spinach-soup	nutmeg
spinach-soup	salt, white pepper
spud-spin-soup	chopped fresh onion
spud-spin-soup	butter
spud-spin-soup	water
spud-spin-soup	salt
spud-spin-soup	potatoes
spud-spin-soup	cooked chopped spinach
spud-spin-soup	evaporated milk
spud-spin-soup	Worcestershire sauce
spud-spin-soup	grated cheese
squash-soup	unsalted butter
squash-soup	small onion
squash-soup	rosemary
squash-soup	small butternut squash
squash-soup	chicken stock
squash-soup	heavy cream
squash-soup	salt
squash-soup	freshly ground white pepper
squash-soup	hot pepper sauce
squash-soup	chopped walnuts
stollen	active dried yeast
stollen	warm water
stollen	granulated sugar
stollen	large eggs
stollen	egg yolk
stollen	soft butter
stollen	flour
stollen	chopped blanched almonds
stollen	citronat (candied lemon peel)
stollen	orangenat (candied orange peel)
stollen	raisins
stollen	grated lemon peel
stout-double	water
stout-double	Bullion hops
stout-double	dark malt extract
stout-double	black patent malt
stout-double	crystal malt
stout-double	flaked barley
stout-double	roasted barley
stout-double	licorice stick
stout-double	ascorbic acid
stout-double	citric acid
stout-double	Irish moss
stout-double	Golding hops
stout-double	yeast nutrient
stout-double	ale yeast
straw-rhu-pie	flour
straw-rhu-pie	shortening
straw-rhu-pie	cold water or milk
straw-rhu-pie	sugar
straw-rhu-pie	tapioca
straw-rhu-pie	rhubarb
straw-rhu-pie	strawberries
stroganoff-1	round steak or other beef fillet
stroganoff-1	canned sliced mushrooms
stroganoff-1	sour cream
stroganoff-1	white wine
stroganoff-1	chopped onion
stroganoff-1	Worcestershire sauce
stroganoff-1	nutmeg
stroganoff-1	chopped chives
stroganoff-1	minced garlic
stroganoff-1	salt
stroganoff-1	pepper
stroganoff-1	pasta or steamed rice
sug-cookies-1	butter
sug-cookies-1	salad oil
sug-cookies-1	powdered sugar
sug-cookies-1	sugar
sug-cookies-1	eggs
sug-cookies-1	vanilla
sug-cookies-1	flour
sug-cookies-1	baking soda
sug-cookies-1	cream of tartar
sug-cookies-1	salt
sug-cookies-1	extra sugar
sukiyaki-1	oil
sukiyaki-1	celery or water chestnuts
sukiyaki-1	mild onions 
sukiyaki-1	mushrooms
sukiyaki-1	bamboo shoots
sukiyaki-1	tomatoes 
sukiyaki-1	beef broth
sukiyaki-1	soy sauce
sukiyaki-1	whole fresh spinach leaves
sukiyaki-1	sirloin steak
summer-pudding	bramble fruit
summer-pudding	whole wheat bread
summer-pudding	raw sugar
summer-pudding	heavy cream
sweepto-pie	sweet potatoes
sweepto-pie	granulated sugar
sweepto-pie	unsalted butter
sweepto-pie	eggs
sweepto-pie	vanilla
sweepto-pie	nutmeg
sweepto-pie	pie crust
sweet-potato	sweet potatoes
sweet-potato	milk
sweet-potato	brown sugar
sweet-potato	melted butter
sweet-potato	salt
sweet-potato	pepper
sweet-potato	cinnamon
sweet-potato	raisins
sweet-potato	marshmallows
swordfish-1	swordfish steaks
swordfish-1	sweet red pepper
swordfish-1	lemons
swordfish-1	fresh oregano
swordfish-1	olive oil
swordfish-1	salt
swordfish-1	fresh ground black pepper
swordfish-1	dry white wine
tagliatelle	tagliatelle
tagliatelle	butter
tagliatelle	egg yolks
tagliatelle	grated parmesan
tagliatelle	double cream
tagliatelle	bacon
tagliatelle	salt and freshly-milled pepper
taramosalata-1	smoked cod roe
taramosalata-1	olive oil
taramosalata-1	garlic clove
taramosalata-1	lemon juice
taramosalata-1	chopped parsley
taramosalata-1	finely chopped onion
taramosalata-1	freshly milled black pepper
texmex-beans	dried pinto beans
texmex-beans	large onion
texmex-beans	bacon slices
texmex-beans	salt
texmex-chalupa	vegetable oil
texmex-chalupa	corn tortillas
texmex-chalupa	frijoles refritos
texmex-chalupa	sharp cheddar cheese
texmex-chalupa	large tomato
texmex-chalupa	shredded lettuce
texmex-enchil	extra lean ground beef
texmex-enchil	medium onions
texmex-enchil	flour
texmex-enchil	enchilada sauce
texmex-enchil	sharp cheddar cheese
texmex-refried	drained cooked pinto beans
texmex-refried	Broth from cooked pinto beans
texmex-refried	vegetable oil
texmex-tacos	extra lean ground beef
texmex-tacos	medium onion
texmex-tacos	salt
texmex-tacos	chile powder
texmex-tacos	vegetable oil
texmex-tacos	corn tortillas
texmex-tacos	sharp Cheddar cheese
texmex-tacos	large tomato
texmex-tacos	shredded lettuce
tofu-balls	vegetable oil
tofu-balls	cloves garlic
tofu-balls	large onion
tofu-balls	large carrot
tofu-balls	green pepper
tofu-balls	dried basil
tofu-balls	ground fennel
tofu-balls	dried oregano
tofu-balls	large eggs
tofu-balls	bread crumbs
tofu-balls	walnuts
tofu-balls	fresh parsley
tofu-balls	Dijon mustard
tofu-balls	sesame oil
tofu-balls	tamari soy sauce
tofu-balls	firm tofu cakes
tofu-balls	black pepper
tofu-meat	tofu
tofu-meat	carrots
tofu-meat	green onions
tofu-meat	parsley
tofu-meat	shrimp, crab, or crab blend
tofu-meat	oil
tofu-meat	soy sauce
tofu-meat	sugar
tofu-meat	eggs
tortilla-cass	ground beef
tortilla-cass	large onion
tortilla-cass	cloves garlic
tortilla-cass	green bell pepper
tortilla-cass	chili powder
tortilla-cass	cumin
tortilla-cass	cilantro
tortilla-cass	chopped olives
tortilla-cass	tomatoes
tortilla-cass	enchilada sauce
tortilla-cass	corn tortillas
tortilla-cass	cheddar cheese
tortilla-cass	Monterey jack cheese
tortilla-cass	crushed corn chips
tortilla-soup	chicken pieces
tortilla-soup	water
tortilla-soup	celery seed
tortilla-soup	black peppercorns
tortilla-soup	garlic cloves
tortilla-soup	canned whole peeled tomatoes
tortilla-soup	onion
tortilla-soup	green pepper
tortilla-soup	sprigs fresh cilantro
tortilla-soup	ground cumin
tortilla-soup	cayenne or chili powder
tortilla-soup	ground white pepper
tortilla-soup	clove garlic
tortilla-soup	frozen corn
tortilla-soup	green onions
tortilla-soup	salt
tortilla-soup	cooked rice
tortilla-soup	minced parsley
tortilla-soup	tortilla chips
tortilla-soup	grated cheddar cheese
tortilla-soup2	corn tortillas
tortilla-soup2	tomato sauce
tortilla-soup2	chopped onion
tortilla-soup2	chopped mozzarella cheese
tortilla-soup2	crushed pork rinds
tortilla-soup2	chopped avocado
tortilla-soup2	oil for frying
trifle-1	pears
trifle-1	raspberries
trifle-1	passion fruit
trifle-1	dry sherry
trifle-1	butter
trifle-1	castor sugar
trifle-1	self-raising flour
trifle-1	eggs
trifle-1	eggs
trifle-1	salt
trifle-1	nutmeg
trifle-1	double cream
trifle-1	double cream
trifle-1	roast almonds
trout-1	trout
trout-1	margarine
trout-1	lemon juice
trout-1	green pepper
trout-1	onion
trout-1	assorted seasonings
truffles-1	chocolate
truffles-1	very heavy cream
truffles-1	sweet butter
truffles-1	cocoa powder
truffles-2	dark coating chocolate
truffles-2	unsweetened baking chocolate
truffles-2	unsalted butter
truffles-2	Cointreau
truffles-3	powdered sugar
truffles-3	cream cheese
truffles-3	vanilla extract
truffles-3	unsweetened chocolate
truffles-3	assorted toppings (cocoa, powdered sugar, crushed nuts, jimmies, etc.)
truffles-4	sugar
truffles-4	powdered chocolate
truffles-4	whipping cream
truffles-4	unsalted butter
truffles-milo	plain cotton balls
truffles-milo	cotton wool
truffles-milo	bittersweet chocolate
truffles-milo	any favorite liqueur
tucson-tostada	medium flour tortillas
tucson-tostada	Oaxaca cheese
tucson-tostada	Monterey jack cheese
tucson-tostada	anejo cheese
tucson-tostada	poblano peppers
tucson-tostada	fresh coriander
tucson-tostada	lard or oil for frying
turkey-soup	clear chicken broth
turkey-soup	uncooked white rice
turkey-soup	uncooked wild rice
turkey-soup	green onions
turkey-soup	butter
turkey-soup	flour
turkey-soup	salt
turkey-soup	pepper
turkey-soup	milk
turkey-soup	cooked turkey
turkey-soup	bacon slices
turkey-soup	dry sherry
turnip-cakes	corn starch
turnip-cakes	cold water
turnip-cakes	turnips
turnip-cakes	Cantonese sausage
turnip-cakes	Chinese dried shrimps
turnip-cakes	cooking oil
turnip-cakes	soy sauce
turnip-cakes	sugar
turnip-cakes	chicken broth
turnip-cakes	water
turnip-cakes	cooking wine
turnip-cakes	sugar
turnip-cakes	salt
turnip-cakes	ground pepper
tzimmes	large sweet potatoes
tzimmes	butternut squash
tzimmes	tart apples
tzimmes	prunes
tzimmes	water
tzimmes	sweet red Passover wine
tzimmes	sugar
tzimmes	ground cinnamon
tzimmes	ground nutmeg
tzimmes	ground ginger
veg-soup-1	leek
veg-soup-1	large onion
veg-soup-1	carrots
veg-soup-1	watercress
veg-soup-1	butter
veg-soup-1	large blanched tomato
veg-soup-1	celery stalks
veg-soup-1	fresh mushrooms
veg-soup-1	heavy cream
veg-soup-1	salt
veg-soup-1	black pepper
veg-soup-1	white pepper
veg-soup-2	beef soup bones
veg-soup-2	water
veg-soup-2	onion
veg-soup-2	peeled whole cooking tomatoes
veg-soup-2	fresh green beans
veg-soup-2	small carrots
veg-soup-2	unshelled green peas
veg-soup-2	fresh corn
veg-soup-2	bay leaves
veg-soup-2	dried basil
veg-soup-2	dried oregano
veg-soup-2	dried thyme
veg-soup-2	salt and pepper
vegetable-pie	packed, grated raw potato
vegetable-pie	salt
vegetable-pie	eggs
vegetable-pie	onion
vegetable-pie	oil
vegetable-pie	garlic clove
vegetable-pie	butter
vegetable-pie	broccoli
vegetable-pie	dried basil
vegetable-pie	thyme
vegetable-pie	cheddar cheese
vegetable-pie	milk
vegetable-pie	paprika
waffle-cone	eggs
waffle-cone	granulated sugar
waffle-cone	butter
waffle-cone	vanilla
waffle-cone	flour
waffle-cone	baking powder
walnut-horns	flour
walnut-horns	butter
walnut-horns	sour cream
walnut-horns	egg yolk
walnut-horns	brown sugar
walnut-horns	ground walnuts
walnut-horns	cinnamon
walnut-horns	butter
watercresssoup	watercress
watercresssoup	onion
watercresssoup	potato
watercresssoup	butter
watercresssoup	water
watercresssoup	heavy cream
watercresssoup	black caviar
watercresssoup	water biscuits
watercresssoup	salt and pepper
welshcakes	flour
welshcakes	self-raising flour
welshcakes	butter
welshcakes	lard
welshcakes	currants
welshcakes	sugar
welshcakes	mixed spice
welshcakes	ground nutmeg
welshcakes	large egg
welshcakes	milk
whipped-cream	blender or food processor
whipped-cream	whipping cream
whipped-cream	vanilla sugar
wigilia-1	carrots
wigilia-1	stalks celery
wigilia-1	parsley root
wigilia-1	onion
wigilia-1	peppercorns
wigilia-1	bay leaf
wigilia-1	salt
wigilia-1	water
wigilia-1	fish fillets
wigilia-1	butter
wigilia-1	flour
wigilia-1	prepared cream-style horseradish
wigilia-1	sugar
wigilia-1	salt
wigilia-1	sour cream
wigilia-1	hard-cooked eggs,
wigilia-10	eggs
wigilia-10	all-purpose flour
wigilia-10	icing sugar
wigilia-10	baking powder
wigilia-10	walnuts or pecans
wigilia-10	raisins
wigilia-10	orange peel
wigilia-10	salt
wigilia-10	butter
wigilia-10	grated lemon peel
wigilia-10	vanilla
wigilia-10	vodka or brandy
wigilia-11	apples
wigilia-11	cherry or strawberry jam
wigilia-11	sugar
wigilia-11	mace or nutmeg
wigilia-11	red wine
wigilia-11	vanilla
wigilia-12	blanched almonds
wigilia-12	powdered sugar
wigilia-12	orange water or rose water
wigilia-12	food colouring and decorations
wigilia-13	water
wigilia-13	mixed dried fruit
wigilia-13	pitted prunes
wigilia-13	raisins
wigilia-13	pitted sweet cherries
wigilia-13	apples
wigilia-13	cranberries
wigilia-13	sugar
wigilia-13	lemon
wigilia-13	whole cloves
wigilia-13	cinnamon sticks
wigilia-13	orange
wigilia-13	grapes, pomegranate seeds, or pitted plums
wigilia-13	brandy
wigilia-2	carrots
wigilia-2	stalks celery
wigilia-2	onion
wigilia-2	peppercorns
wigilia-2	bay leaf
wigilia-2	salt
wigilia-2	water
wigilia-2	fish
wigilia-2	butter
wigilia-2	fresh dill or parsley
wigilia-2	salt
wigilia-2	pepper
wigilia-2	lemon juice
wigilia-2	hard-cooked eggs, finely chopped
wigilia-3	cooked or canned beets
wigilia-3	fresh horseradish
wigilia-3	whole cloves
wigilia-3	vinegar
wigilia-3	brown sugar
wigilia-3	salt
wigilia-4	pickled herring,
wigilia-4	large onion
wigilia-4	clove garlic
wigilia-4	hard-cooked eggs
wigilia-4	apple
wigilia-4	lemon juice
wigilia-4	sour cream
wigilia-4	salt
wigilia-4	pepper
wigilia-4	fresh dill or parsley
wigilia-5	dried mushrooms
wigilia-5	warm water
wigilia-5	large onion
wigilia-5	butter
wigilia-5	sauerkraut
wigilia-5	water
wigilia-5	flour
wigilia-5	salt and pepper
wigilia-6	cracked wheat or bulgur
wigilia-6	hot water
wigilia-6	poppy seeds
wigilia-6	honey
wigilia-6	water
wigilia-6	salt
wigilia-6	festive spirits
wigilia-7	milk
wigilia-7	blanched almonds
wigilia-7	almond extract
wigilia-7	cooked rice
wigilia-7	sugar
wigilia-7	raisins or currants
wigilia-8	boiling water
wigilia-8	salt
wigilia-8	egg noodles
wigilia-8	butter
wigilia-8	poppy seed cake and pastry filling
wigilia-8	vanilla extract
wigilia-8	lemon juice
wigilia-8	grated lemon peel
wigilia-8	raisins
wigilia-9	active dry yeast
wigilia-9	warm water
wigilia-9	all-purpose flour
wigilia-9	sugar
wigilia-9	salt
wigilia-9	butter
wigilia-9	eggs
wigilia-9	egg yolks
wigilia-9	sour cream
wigilia-9	vanilla
wigilia-9	butter
wigilia-9	poppy seeds
wigilia-9	honey
wigilia-9	lemon juice
wigilia-9	egg whites
wigilia-9	sugar
wigilia-9	candied orange peel
wigilia-9	steamed raisins
wigilia-9	grated lemon peel
wigilia-9	powdered sugar
wigilia-9	lemon juice
xmas-icecream	mixed dried fruits
xmas-icecream	grated orange rind
xmas-icecream	cocoa
xmas-icecream	brandy or masala
xmas-icecream	gelatine
xmas-icecream	boiling water
xmas-icecream	vanilla ice cream
xmas-pudding	flour
xmas-pudding	suet
xmas-pudding	brown sugar
xmas-pudding	bread crumbs
xmas-pudding	raisins
xmas-pudding	sultanas
xmas-pudding	currants
xmas-pudding	brandy
xmas-pudding	golden (cane) syrup
xmas-pudding	eggs
xmas-pudding	baking soda
xmas-pudding	milk
xmas-stars	solid shortening
xmas-stars	granulated sugar
xmas-stars	eggs
xmas-stars	salt
xmas-stars	vanilla
xmas-stars	almond flavoring
xmas-stars	flour
xmas-stars	powdered sugar
xmas-stars	cream or milk
xmas-stars	vanilla
xmas-stars	food coloring
yam-curry	tender yams
yam-curry	salt
yam-curry	vegetable oil for deep frying
yam-curry	fresh ginger root
yam-curry	garlic clove
yam-curry	vegetable oil
yam-curry	cumin seeds
yam-curry	green cardamoms
yam-curry	bay leaf
yam-curry	peppercorns
yam-curry	stick cinnamon
yam-curry	turmeric
yam-curry	chili powder
yam-curry	ground coriander
yam-curry	garam masala (optional)
yam-curry	salt
yam-curry	fresh tomatoes
yam-curry	yogurt
yam-curry	water
yam-curry	chopped coriander leaves (cilantro)
yeast-rolls	all-purpose flour
yeast-rolls	sugar
yeast-rolls	salt
yeast-rolls	dry yeast
yeast-rolls	milk
yeast-rolls	water
yeast-rolls	butter
yeast-rolls	egg
yeast-rolls	vegetable shortening or more butter
yogurt-cakes	large eggs
yogurt-cakes	milk
yogurt-cakes	plain yogurt
yogurt-cakes	vegetable oil
yogurt-cakes	white flour
yogurt-cakes	baking powder
yogurt-cakes	sugar
yogurt-cakes	salt
yogurt-froz-1	sugar
yogurt-froz-1	orange juice
yogurt-froz-1	fruit
yogurt-froz-1	lemon juice
yogurt-froz-1	plain yogurt
yogurt-froz-1	egg whites
zucchini-ging	vegetable oil
zucchini-ging	whole cumin
zucchini-ging	ginger
zucchini-ging	green chili peppers
zucchini-ging	zucchini
zucchini-ging	medium ripe tomato
zucchini-ging	lemon juice
zucchini-ging	salt to taste
zucchini-ging	fresh coriander
zuccotto	cake or lady fingers
zuccotto	whipping cream
zuccotto	spirits
zuccotto	flavorings
zuccotto	unflavored gelatin
zuccotto	powdered sugar
zwetschgend	butter
zwetschgend	sugar
zwetschgend	vanilla
zwetschgend	egg
zwetschgend	salt
zwetschgend	lemon peel
zwetschgend	sour cream
zwetschgend	flour
zwetschgend	baking powder
zwetschgend	Italian plums
zwetschgend	butter
zwetschgend	flour
zwetschgend	sugar
zwetschgend	cinnamon
